Jack O Hara
JHA Architecture Ltd
Lakeside Boulevard
Doncaster
DN4 5PL
Tel: 01302 364565
Mob: 07584 621011 Our ref.: MCJ/25204
Email: mike@jsonline.co.uk Date: 12th June 2025
Dear Jack.
Ref. Fixed reception screens.
Thank you for your enquiry.
We have pleasure in quoting for fixed toughened glass screens to your drawing
dimensions. We propose fixed glass screens glazed to your timber frames in
hidden fastened aluminium glazing channel that can be chosen in anodised
aluminium or powder coated white as standard. Other RAL colours on request.
The multiple speech holes on the drawing would cost significantly more than the
two guarded speech holes that we offer. One speech hole for each reception
position with a speech guard to prevent hands and arms from passing through
the screen. We have included for two guarded speech holes but if your client
insists on two groups of multiple holes to drawing we would requote but at a
higher price.
The transaction gaps to drawing will be fine for the exchange of documents. If
packages have to be exchanged a suitably sized sliding or hinged lockable
hatch would be necessary. We have quoted a separate price for such a hatch.
We have quoted a separate price to provide a timber mounting frame to be
mounted into a frame installed by others. Our separate price is for a timber
frame with architraves that would attach to a frame provided by others in the
Metsec SFS frame wall. While not conversant with the Metsec system we
regularly mount our screens in to steel framed walls where the wall provider has
provided a timber frame to receive our screens.
The 200 mm wide protrusion is adequate as a signing shelf.
If awarded with your valued order we would survey your opening and prepare a
CAD drawing for your approval before manufacture is commenced or we would
work to your certified dimensions.
We hope that our quotation will attract your valued order which would receive
our careful attention. Should you require any alterations to our quotation or a
quicker delivery please let us know what you require.
QUOTATION
GROSS NET
TOTAL NET
DESCRIPTION QTY UNIT UNIT
PRICE
PRICE PRICE
Ref A: One fixed screen to
your drawing dimensions
in toughened glass with
two guarded speech holes:
Dimensions: To provide a
fixed screen over your two
counters to your drawing
dimensions.
Glass: The screen in 10 mm
thick flat toughened glass
with exposed edges polished.
Speech Holes: One guarded
speech hole at each of two
reception positions each hole
to be 200 mm diameter.
Glazing: The glass to be
glazed to your bulkhead and
side walls and counters as
necessary with hidden
fastened aluminium glazing
channels. The channels to be
finished in anodised silver
aluminium or powder coated
white as standard. Other RAL
colours available on request.
Transaction slots: One
continuous transaction slot
from counter to glass to
drawing dimension above
each counter. Ex works: 1 set £4595 Nett £4595
GROSS NET
TOTAL NET
DESCRIPTION QTY UNIT UNIT
PRICE
PRICE PRICE
Ref B. One optional hatch
with a pass through gap 300
mm x 400 mm or to your
preferred dimensions. The
single door lockable hatch
can be hinged or sliding to
suit your requirements 1 £798.00 Nett £798.00
Ref C. One softwood frame
in which Ref A above would
be fitted. The frame to be
mounted in and fastened to a
frame in the Metsec SFS wall
provided by others. Frame
and architraves to be primed
or polished. 1 £656.00 Nett £656
Ref D. Survey & CAD drawing. Worksop. £285.00
Ref E. Deliver: Worksop. £290.00
Ref F. Install: Worksop. Install in your prepared
opening at the time of delivery £410.00
DELIVERY: Normally delivery will be 6 to 8 weeks from receipt of order or to
meet your requirements
VALUE ADDED TAX: Prices quoted are subject to VAT, which will be added at
the current rate at time of invoicing
CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT:
Screen Plus standard conditions will apply unless otherwise agreed in writing.
TERMS OF PAYMENT:
Upon receipt of your order we would issue a pro forma Invoice. To claim your
net price above, the invoice must be paid within 7 days from invoice date or
gross prices will apply. Gross price being 30% on net price above.
VALIDITY: Valid for orders received within sixty days of above date.
Orders cannot be cancelled.
Yours sincerely
For JS Office Environments
Mike Johnson