771 mm Clear Width
910 mm Structural Opening
Door Type A
D.01 / D.02 / D.04
gninepO
larutcurtS
mm
0112
Door Type B Door Type A - D.04
D.03 / D.10
gninepO
larutcurtS
mm
0112
771 mm Clear Width
910 mm Structural Opening for D.03
Door Type D
D.05 / D.09
gninepO
larutcurtS
mm
0112
1000 mm Structural Opening for D.10
All doors to be fitted with anti
910 mm Structural Opening 910 mm Structural Opening for D.03 1000 mm Structural Opening 1810
finger trap door guards
Door closer (internally) in satin Door closer (internally) in satin
anodised aluminium (SAA) to have anodised aluminium (SAA) to have
maximum of 20N opening force. maximum of 20N opening force.
Provide lever handles internally
and externally in satin
Provide fully furnished, PVC
anodised aluminium (SAA).
fully encapsulated particle
board 49mm thick door with
clear glazed vision panel.
Provide lever handles internally
and externally in satin Provide lever handles internally
Provide lever handles internally anodised aluminium (SAA). and externally in satin
and externally in satin Provide 1no. deadlock with anodised aluminium (SAA).
anodised aluminium (SSA). lock and suited key.
Provide 1no. deadlock with Provide thumb turn internally.
lock and suited key.
Provide thumb turn internally.
Standard three-piece frame
with architrave detail integral to
frame. Full factory finish with
hinge slots.
D.03 TO BE FD60
COMPRISING 56MM CORE
AND FITTED WITH
D.04 TO BE FD30
SUTIABLE IRONMONGERY
861 mm Clear Width
769 mm Clear Width
1000 mm Structural Opening
1000
Door Type A - D.04
0012
1000 mm Structural Opening
mm
0001
mm
006
mm
009
thgieH
eldnaH
gninepO
larutcurtS
mm
0542
mm
053
thgieH
rooD
mm
0012
thgieH
wodniW
All doors to be fitted with anti
finger trap door guards
Door closer (internally) in satin
anodised aluminium (SAA) to have
maximum of 20N opening force.
500 mm
Provide fully furnished, PVC
fully encapsulated particle
board 49mm thick door with
clear glazed vision panel.
Standard three-piece frame
with architrave detail integral
to frame. Full factory finish Standard three-piece frame
with hinge slots. with architrave detail integral
to frame. Full factory finish
with hinge slots.
Exterior Exterior
Exterior Exterior Exterior
Interior Interior Interior
Interior Interior
Polyester powder coated aluminium
0.7mm pressed metal flashing formed
as shown fixed to blockwork.
Neoprene acoustically rated sealant
Kingspan Dri-Design Cassette
seal in the frame and rebate to
Rainscreen Facade System.
manufacturer's specification.
40mm thick insulated GRP external open- Apply acoustic LM Silicone Seal, Backer
out single action fire rated door. Rod and expanding foam fill / sealant to
front and back of frames.
90 10 100
Grade 304 stainless steel 'plant on'
All cavities to be adequately closed using
door frame fixed as manufacturer's
cavity closer as shown.
details.
All flashing to be appropriately fixed to 100mm 7N/mm² blockwork inner and
100mm cavity filled with 90mm thick Kingspan cladding, steelwork and frames using outer leaf as specified by structural
Kooltherm K106 rigid insulation (10mm residual fixings and pop rivets to manufacturer's engineer.
cavity). Insulation to be fully lapped and sealed guidelines.
inline with M&E specifiactions.
Roof truss' to be T1, T2 & T4 with suspended &
cantilevered members all to Tailor Made
Design - Refer to drawing 2024-055-107. Door to have 60 min fire integrity with smoke seals and intumescent linings. Door to have 4no. stainless steel ball bearing hinges, factory fitted 300mm deep kick plate to
both sides, door closer, and aluminium low threshold plate with airtight gasket. Provide stainless steel push plate. Door to have standard handle and lock suited and
Supply and install Twised Ancon SHX cavity tie Horizontal Kingspan profiled fixing rail with
emergency exit hardware internally, with top & bottom shoot bolts suited key access. Supply and install purpose made emergency, exit signage to all doors. "Running
fixed to each truss and back into blockwork secret fixing clips (C-Clip). Panel fixed to
man", internal signage & "fire door keep clear".
coursing as shown. Truss restraints and fixings fixing clip as per Kingspan Dri-Design Details.
to be employed as Designers details.
Kingspan Dri-Design Cassette Rainscreen
Facade System
Air cavity to be maintained behind panels -
formed with horizontal and vertical rails as
shown.
Vertical angle or 'Tee' Kingspan profiled fixing
rail fixed to Horizontal Kingspan profiled fixing Horizontal Kingspan profiled fixing rail with 100mm 7N/mm² blockwork inner and
rail and helping hand brackets. secret fixing clips (C-Clip). Panel fixed to outer leaf as specified by structural
fixing clip as per Kingspan Dri-Design 150x100x engineer
Helping hand bracket fixed to blockwork with
fixing anchor inline with manufacturers details Details. Rail fixed with anchor inline with 6.3 RHS Steelwork/ lintels as specified by structural & specification. manufacturers details & specification. Box engineer to support masonry construction
above.
100mm 7N/mm² blockwork inner and outer leaf All cavities to be adequately closed using
as specified by structural engineer Insect mesh fixed to flashing/ underside of cavity closer as shown.
vertical rail and panel.
Wall plate as specified by Truss manufacturer. Insect mesh fixed to flashing/ underside of All flashing to be appropriately fixed to
(Truss Manufacturer's requirements supercede size vertical rail and Dri Design Panel. Polyester powder coated aluminium blockwork/ steelwork and door leaf as shown
specified. Air tightness line to lap under as shown. 0.7mm pressed metal flashing formed as using fixings and pop rivets to manufacturer's
Polyester powder coated aluminium 0.7mm shown fixed to blockwork. guidelines.
pressed metal flashing formed as shown fixed Gypframe MF6 Perimeter Channel suitably Air tightness tape between blockwork
to blockwork. fixed to wall at 600mm centres and sealed with Apply sealant onto expanding foam fill to and door unit lapped as shown.
Gyproc Sealant for optimum sound insulation Vertical Rails fixed back to blockwork wall front and back of frames/cills. contractor to ensure that all details are
periodically as shown - refer to Kingspan Dri- air tight.
Gypframe MF5 Ceiling Sections at max. Design Details.
450mm centres fixed to each MF7 with 4no. stainless steel ball bearing hinges
Kingspan Dri-Design Cassette Rainscreen
two suitable British Gypsum wafer head
Facade System
screws or MF9 Connecting Clip Insulated multi-layer steel-core external
Stainless steel wall ties to be spaced at open-out single-leaf door, incorporating
750mm centers horizontally & 450mm mass-loaded soundproofing core and
vertically & staggered with ties at 225mm acoustic damping layers to achieve a
vertical centers to jambs of openings. minimum Rw 100 dB. Galvanised double
skinned door leaf with acoustic door
Horizontal Kingspan profiled fixing rail with secret
Galvanised 90mm enclosed acoustic
fixing clips (C-Clip). Panel fixed to fixing clip as per
frame fixed as manufacturer's details. Kingspan Dri-Design Details. Rail fixed with anchor
inline with manufacturers details & specification.
100mm cavity filled to be closed with cavity closer
Insect mesh fixed to flashing/ underside of
vertical rail and panel. Insulated multi-layer steel-core external
Two layers 15mm Gypsum Wallboard fixed with 4no. stainless steel ball bearing hinges open-out single-leaf door, incorporating
suitable British Gypsum screws at 230mm centres Apply LM Silicone Seal, Backer Rod and mass-loaded soundproofing core and
in field of board and 150mm centres at board expanding foam fill / sealant to front and back acoustic damping layers to achieve a
ends with 3mm Thistle Multi Finish skim all of frames/cills. 300mm high stainless steel kick plates to both minimum Rw 100 dB. Galvanised double
finished as per specification of works. Apply sealant onto expanding foam fill to front sides of all doors fixed as manufacturer's details. skinned door leaf with acoustic door
Gypframe MF7 Primary Support Channels at and back of frames/cills. Galvanised 90mm enclosed acoustic
specified centres with 25mm Rockwool RW3 frame fixed as manufacturer's details.
Acoustic Insulation Slab Curtain Wall double glazed Door panel to
Pressed metal rain drip with draught achieve U-value of 1.2 W/m2/k. Apply sealant
excluder to manufacturer's details.
Air tightness tape between blockwork and to front and back of frame as shown.
window unit lapped as shown. contractor to
Low profile threshold strip as shown
ensure that all details are air tight to pass air
to bottom of each door fixed to floor permeability test as specified by M&E Engineer. 15mm dot and dab Gypsum Wallboard with
as manufacturer's details.
3mm Thistle Multi Finish skim all finished as
25mm insulation board below window per specification of works. Plaster edge
bead on return corner and over insulation to
prevent cracking.
51
51
54
03
100 100 100
150x100x
6.3 RHS
Box
6mm thick plate welded to underside of RHS
to support outerleaf as shown. M16 Flush Fit
Hollo-Bolts
noissimrep
tuohtiw
decudorper
eb
ton
llahs
dna
dtL
erutcetihcrA
AHJ
fo
thgirypoc
eht
si
gniward
sihT
C
PLEASE NOTE
1. DO NOT scale from this drawing, use figured dimensions only.
2. All dimensions to be checked on site by the contractor.
3. Please report any discrepancies to JHA Architecture Ltd immediately.
4. All setting out dimensions are approximate. To be marked out on site
for approval by JHA Architecture Ltd prior to construction.
BBUUIILLDDIINNGG 0011
WWEELLFFAARREE && SSEECCUURRIITTYY
Door Plan Extract Detail
1 : 5
A 28/07 Issued to JRD for Comment JOH
Ref Date Revision Initial
Issue:
TENDER ISSUE
Project/ Client:
PROPOSED NEW GAS PLANT
AT PLOT 8, VESUVIUS WAY,
WORKSOP S80 3NE
FOR BUSE GAS SOLUTIONS
Drawing Title:
PROPOSED DOOR DETAILS Door Head Detail
1 : 5
JHA Limited, West Suite,
Second Floor, Unit F,
South Quay,
Lakeside Boulevard,
Doncaster, DN4 5PL
T 01302 364 565
E enquiries@j-h-a.co.uk
W www.j-h-a.co.uk
Scale: Date:
As indicated JUNE 2025
Drawn By: Checked By:
CT JOH / BF
Drawing No: Sheet Size:
2024/055/127 A1
Door Type A - D.04 Head Detail Door Threshold Detail
1 : 5 1 : 5