Secondary steelwork as engineers design. Ensure
Polyester powder coated aluminium
PFCs to follow all openings to provide fixing point
0.7mm pressed metal flashing formed
for cladding and flashings as shown.
as shown fixed to blockwork.
Kingspan Dri-Design Cassette All cavities to be adequately closed using cavity
Rainscreen Facade System 150mm Euroclad Rainspan closer or secondary steelwork and insulated with
mineral wool slabs of 10kg/m3 as shown.
sandwich panel fixed to
150mm Euroclad Rainspan sandwich secondary steelwork with 5.5mm
panel fixed to secondary steelwork fastners with Min 15mm Washer.
with 5.5mm fastners with Min 15mm
Steelwork PFC to sit atop blockwork and
Washer. Horizontal Kingspan profiled
fixing rail with secret fixing clips STEELWORK TO door openings as shown and specified by
(C-Clip). Panel fixed to fixing SE DESIGN structural engineer to support perforated
cladding above.
clip as per Kingspan Dri-Design
Details. Rail fixed with anchor
inline with manufacturers details Polyester powder coated aluminium
& specification.
0.7mm pressed metal flashing to be All flashing to be appropriately fixed to
fixed to secondary supports as Insect mesh fixed to blockwork/ steelwork and door leaf as shown
manufacturers recommendations to flashing/ underside of using fixings and pop rivets to manufacturer's
ensure minimal deflection. vertical rail and panel. Polyester powder coated aluminium guidelines.
0.7mm pressed metal flashing formed as
Secondary steelwork as engineers Air tightness tape between blockwork, shown fixed to blockwork.
design. Ensure PFCs to follow all steelwork and door unit lapped as
Fix wall starter bars to steelwork flange for both openings to provide fixing point for Apply sealant onto expanding foam fill to shown. contractor to ensure that all
inner and outer blockwork leaves as shown, in cladding and flashings as shown. front and back of frames/cills. details are air tight.
strict accordance with manufacturer’s
recommendations and standard fixing details. Soffit cladding low level to be cut Acoustic insulation. Insulated multi-layer steel-core external
around PFC and sealed, finished and 4no. stainless steel ball bearing hinges open-out single-leaf door, incorporating
Jemmy bar lip flashed appropriately. mass-loaded soundproofing core and
Outline of 100mm 7N/mm² blockwork acoustic damping layers to achieve a
Neoprene acoustically rated sealant All cavities to be adequately closed using
seal in the frame and rebate to cavity closer or secondary steelwork and inner and outer leaf as specified by minimum Rw 33 dB. Galvanised double
manufacturer's specification. insulated with mineral wool slabs of structural engineer skinned door leaf with acoustic door
Galvanised 90mm enclosed acoustic
10kg/m3 as shown.
Insulated multi-layer steel-core external frame fixed as manufacturer's details.
open-out single-leaf door, incorporating
Apply acoustic LM Silicone Seal, Backer
mass-loaded soundproofing core and
Rod and expanding foam fill / sealant to
acoustic damping layers to achieve a
front and back of frames.
minimum Rw 33 dB. Galvanised double
skinned door leaf with acoustic door 100mm 7N/mm² blockwork inner and
Galvanised 90mm enclosed acoustic outer leaf as specified by structural
frame fixed as manufacturer's details. engineer
Insulated multi-layer steel-core external
Acoustic insulation. Provide compressible isolation strip (Isover 4no. stainless steel ball bearing hinges open-out single-leaf door, incorporating
Acoustic Slab edge strip, backer rod with mass-loaded soundproofing core and
All flashing to be appropriately fixed to acoustic sealant) between blockwork leaf and Acoustic insulation. acoustic damping layers to achieve a
cladding, steelwork and frames using adjoining steel. Apply airtight tape to 300mm high stainless steel kick plates to both minimum Rw 33 dB. Galvanised double
fixings and pop rivets to manufacturer's blockwork once surface is prepared. sides of all doors fixed as manufacturer's details. skinned door lea f with acoustic door
guidelines.
Galvanised 90mm enclosed acoustic
frame fixed as manufacturer's details.
Door to have 60 min fire integrity with smoke seals and intumescent linings. Door to have 4no. stainless steel ball bearing hinges, factory fitted 300mm deep kick plate to
Pressed metal rain drip with draught
both sides, door closer, and aluminium low threshold plate with airtight gasket. Provide stainless steel push plate. Door to have fire escape push pad to open emergency
excluder to manufacturer's details.
exit hardware internally, and pull handle externally with top & bottom shoot bolts suited key access. Supply and install purpose made emergency, exit signage to all doors.
"Running man", internal signage & "fire door keep clear" and "EAR PROTECTION ZONE" signage externally, to comply with legislation.
Low profile threshold strip as shown
to bottom of each door fixed to floor
as manufacturer's details.
TO MATCH OPENING - (MIN 1000mm) TO MATCH OPENING - (MIN 1000mm)
Supply and install purpose made
emergency, exit signage to all doors.
"Running man", internal signage & "fire
door keep clear" and "EAR PROTECTION
ZONE" signage externally, to comply with
legislation.
EAR PROTECTION Fire
ZONE Insulated multi-layer steel-core external exit
open-out single-leaf door, incorporating
FIRE DOOR KEEP CLEAR mass-loaded soundproofing core and
acoustic damping layers to achieve a
minimum Rw 33 dB. Galvanised double
skinned door leaf with acoustic door
Galvanised 90mm enclosed acoustic
frame fixed as manufacturer's details.
Door hardware - Pushpad nightlatch
with snib lock back and external
cylinder access emergency exit
hardware internally shown. Stainless
steel lever handel with split follower.
300mm high stainless steel kick
plates to both sides of all doors.
Low profile threshold strip as shown
to bottom of each door fixed to floor
as manufacturer's details.
)mm0012
NIM(
SGNIWARD
REENIGNE
LARUTCURTS
OT
REFER
-
GNINEPO
HCTAM
OT
TO MATCH OPENING - (MIN 1510mm) TO MATCH OPENING - (MIN 1510mm)
EAR PROTECTION Fire
ZONE exit
FIRE DOOR KEEP CLEAR FIRE DOOR KEEP CLEAR
)mm0012
NIM(
SGNIWARD
REENIGNE
LARUTCURTS
OT
REFER
-
GNINEPO
HCTAM
OT
Air cavity to be maintained behind panels -
formed with horizontal and vertical rails as shown.
All doors to receive 4no. stainless steel All doors to receive 4no. stainless steel Kingspan Dri-Design Cassette Rainscreen
ball bearing hinges and slow release ball bearing hinges and slow release Facade System
door closer's. door closer's.
Horizontal Kingspan profiled fixing rail with
Supply and install purpose made secret fixing clips (C-Clip). Panel fixed to
emergency, exit signage to all doors. fixing clip as per Kingspan Dri-Design Details.
"Running man", internal signage & "fire
door keep clear" and "EAR PROTECTION
ZONE" signage externally, to comply with
legislation.
Insulated multi-layer steel-core external
open-out single-leaf door, incorporating
mass-loaded soundproofing core and
acoustic damping layers to achieve a
minimum Rw 33 dB. Galvanised double Insulated roller shutter door mounted back Insulated roller shutter door mounted back
skinned door leaf with acoustic door
as shown - refer to structural engineer as shown - refer to structural engineer
Galvanised 90mm enclosed acoustic
design. Roller shutter doors to achieve design. Supply and install new polyester
frame fixed as manufacturer's details.
combined DB value of 33DB. powder coated hot-galvanised steel
SilentRoll® 31 – Acoustic Roller Shutter (Rw
Door hardware - Pushpad nightlatch 31dB rated as per NOVA report as
with snib lock back and external appended). Electricity operated roller
cylinder access emergency exit shutter door to comprise of electrically
hardware internally shown. Stainless Polyester powder coated aluminium 0.7mm operated rolling shutter with steel curtain.
steel lever handel with split follower. pressed metal flashing formed around roller
shutter head as shown and fixed to blockwork
inline with cladding manufacturer's details.
Roller shutter door system fixed to steel
300mm high stainless steel kick lintel as detailed by structural engineer.
plates to both sides of all doors.
Low profile threshold strip as shown
to bottom of each door fixed to floor
as manufacturer's details.
DOOR D1 DOOR D2, D3, D4, D5
Roller shutter door track.
Insulated roller shutter door mounted back as
shown - refer to structural engineer design.
Supply and install new polyester powder
coated hot-galvanised steel SilentRoll® 31 –
Acoustic Roller Shutter (Rw 31dB rated as per
NOVA report as appended). Electricity
operated roller shutter door to comprise of
electrically operated rolling shutter with steel
curtain.
054
450
002
05
002 056
Cavity to be closed/ flashed sealed as shown.
Steelwork PFC to sit atop blockwork and door
openings as shown and specified by structural
engineer to support perforated cladding above.
150mm Euroclad Rainspan sandwich panel Secondary steelwork as engineers design. Ensure
fixed to secondary steelwork with 5.5mm PFCs to follow all openings to provide fixing point
fastners with Min 15mm Washer. for cladding and flashings as shown.
Isolation joint 20mm compressible filler board
sealed with proprietary
joint sealant
7362
0566
4000
Supply and install new polyester powder coated hot-galvanised steel Supply and install new polyester powder coated hot-galvanised steel
SilentRoll® 31 – Acoustic Roller Shutter (Rw 31dB rated as per NOVA report SilentRoll® 31 – Acoustic Roller Shutter (Rw 31dB rated as per NOVA report
as appended). Electricity operated roller shutter door to comprise of as appended). Electricity operated roller shutter door to comprise of
electrically operated rolling shutter with steel curtain. electrically operated rolling shutter with steel curtain.
Opening dimensions / Ordering size: 4000 wide x 2200mm high. Opening dimensions / Ordering size: 4000 wide x 6650mm high.
Roller shutter door to include directly coupled electric drive (3/N/PE ~ 400 V Roller shutter door to include directly coupled electric drive (3/N/PE ~ 400 V
50 Hz) with an integrated safety arrestor (EN 12604 compliant), emergency 50 Hz) with an integrated safety arrestor (EN 12604 compliant), emergency
hand-crank for manual operation during power failures, control unit hand-crank for manual operation during power failures, control unit
(190x300x115mm) with integrated keypad for simple up-stop-down 4000 4000 (190x300x115mm) with integrated keypad for simple up-stop-down
functionality & dead man’s control system. An aluminium bottom profile with a functionality & dead man’s control system. An aluminium bottom profile with a
special flexible double-lip tubular seal is installed at the bottom. All framing special flexible double-lip tubular seal is installed at the bottom. All framing
and curtain to be polyester powder coated in grey - colour TBC. IP54-rated and curtain to be polyester powder coated in grey - colour TBC. IP54-rated
protection protection
Complete with Self-monitoring closing edge safety device for control 445 R.
2no. control systems to be provided: one either side of door in positions to Complete with Self-monitoring closing edge safety device for control 445 R.
be agreed.
2no. control systems to be provided: one either side of door in positions to
be agreed.
The rolling shutter curtain consists of double skinned steel profiles that are
connected in a hinge-like manner with steel curtain. Each profile has end The rolling shutter curtain consists of double skinned steel profiles that are
pieces that prevent the profiles from sliding laterally. An aluminium bottom connected in a hinge-like manner with steel curtain. Each profile has end
profile with a special flexible double-lip tubular seal is installed at the bottom. pieces that prevent the profiles from sliding laterally. An aluminium bottom
All framing and curtain to be polyester powder coated in grey - profile with a special flexible double-lip tubular seal is installed at the bottom.
colour TBC. Operating voltage: 3 phase current 400 V / 50 Hz. All framing and curtain to be polyester powder coated in grey -
colour TBC. Operating voltage: 3 phase current 400 V / 50 Hz.
gninepO
)0002(
595
05
001
001
210
253
Provide and install Ancon Type 2
stainless steel wall ties between
blockwork leaves at specified centres,
installed in accordance with
manufacturer’s recommendations
Fix wall starter bars to steelwork flange
for both inner and outer blockwork
leaves as shown, in strict accordance
with manufacturer’s recommendations
and standard fixing details.
Steelwork flange cavity infilled with mineral
wool rigid insulation slabs of 10kg/m3 (Min
10mm residual cavity) to be acoustically
rated as per NOVA report as appended.
Steelwork to have rockwool / mineral wool
infilled around flange and webb as shown.
Provide compressible isolation strip (Isover
Acoustic Slab edge strip, backer rod with
acoustic sealant) between blockwork leaf
and adjoining steel. Apply airtight tape to
blockwork once surface is prepared.
Fix wall starter bars to steelwork flange
for both inner and outer blockwork
leaves as shown, in strict accordance
with manufacturer’s recommendations
and standard fixing details.
noissimrep
tuohtiw
decudorper
eb
ton
llahs
dna
dtL
erutcetihcrA
AHJ
fo
thgirypoc
eht
si
gniward
sihT
C
Door Head Detail
1 : 5
Blockwork Steelwork Plan
1 : 10
Door Plan Extract Detail
1 : 5
Door Threshold Generic Detail
1 : 5
Door Schedule
1 : 20
Roller Shutter Door Schedule Roller Shutter Door Threshold and Head Detail
1 : 50 1 : 10
Project/ Client: Issue: Scale: Date:
PLEASE NOTE NOTES: JHA Limited, West Suite, As indicated July 2025
ALL DB VALUES ARE BASED ON NOVA ACOUSTICS REPORT. PLEASE NOTE THAT ALL RECYCLED N2 PIPEWORK AND ALL OTHER MACHINERY &
Second Floor, Unit F,
1. DO NOT scale from this drawing, use figured dimensions only. EQUIPMENT SUPPLIED AND DELIVERED FROM SOPC WITHIN THE MACHINE HOUSE MUST BE LAGGED AS DETAILED IN NOVA ACOUSTIC REPORT TENDER ISSUE
SECTION 3.2 South Quay,
Drawn By: Checked By:
PROPOSED NEW GAS PLANT JOH JON 2. All dimensions to be checked on site by the contractor. Lakeside Boulevard,
AT PLOT 8, VESUVIUS WAY, Doncaster, DN4 5PL
3. Please report any discrepancies to JHA Architecture Ltd B 28/05/26 Revised As Per JRD Comments JOH
immediately. WORKSOP S80 3NE Drawing Title: Drawing No: Sheet Size:
T 01302 364 565
4.
All setting out dimensions are approximate. To be marked out on A 24/04/26 Revised For Final Issue JGR FOR BUSE GAS SOLUTIONS PROPOSED DOOR SCHEDULE E enquiries@j-h-a.co.uk 2024/055/308B A1
site for approval by JHA Architecture Ltd prior to construction.
W www.j-h-a.co.uk
Ref Date Revision Initial