/204O
03
- Denotes Kit Location on Ground Floor - (Double Height Room)
H-H
/206O
CAT
Ladder
Double Height PLC
Switch Room
86.44 m²
/205O 02 04 /205O
UP
9
//222211OO
H-H
/206O
01
/204O
rooD
rettuhS
relloR
Direction of North
A B C D E F G H I
9
100mm 7N/mm² blockwork inner leaf fixed back to structural Steelwork columns and primary
steelwork as specified by structural engineer. Blockwork to sit structure all to structural
Supply and install new aluminium windows as indicated on elevation drawings. All
in web of secondary steelwork. Fix wall starter bars to steelwork engineer's design. All columns
to be obtained from a SAS specialist contractor or similar approved and installed to
flange for both inner and outer blockwork leaves as shown, in fixed to concrete as structural
manufacturers details. Senior PURe® No Profile Groove Windows. All frames to be
strict accordance with manufacturer’s recommendations and engineers design. SHS
purpose made thermally broken aluminium extrusions, with polyester powder
standard fixing details. Provide compressible isolation strip 200x200x10.0 to not interact with
Provide and install Ancon Type 2 stainless steel wall ties between coated finish in colour TBC and to continue the thermal line. All transoms and (Isover Acoustic Slab edge strip, backer rod with acoustic curtain wall system and to sit
blockwork leaves at specified centres, installed in accordance with mullions to be of equal spacings, as shown on elevation drawing. Apply air
sealant) between blockwork leaf and adjoining steel. proud as shown.
manufacturer’s recommendations tightness tape and sealant to front and back of all frames as shown. All windows to
Secondary steelwork as engineers design. Ensure have double glazed units comprising 6mm Pilkingtons PyroStop Active Sun Cool
100mm 4.2N/mm² blockwork inner leaf as specified by structural engineer with PFCs to follow all openings to provide fixing point for 70/40 outer pane, 16mm 90% Argon filled cavity, and 6mm Pilkington Optifloat
150mm cavity. Blockwork to be tied back to primary structure and secondary cladding and flashings as shown. 100mm 7N/mm² clear inner pane. Windows to achieve U-value of 1.2 W/m2/k.
steelwork as structural engineer / specialist design. 120mm Euroclad Rainspan blockwork leaf - Blockwork to be tied back to primary
sandwich panel vertically laid fixed to secondary steelwork as per engineer's structure and secondary steelwork as structural Provide and install galvanised mild steel fixed vertical cat ladder for external
design - U-Value 0.15. Carrier panels to interlock with as shown to manufacturers engineer / specialist design. access/maintenance, in accordance with BS 4211:2005+A1:2008 –
details. Cladding to comprise kingspan helping hand bracket system (with
Permanently fixed ladders. Ladder to extend from finished ground level to roof
thermal break pads) and angled / 'tee' vertical rails (refer to details) with
W12 W11 W09 W10 level as shown on drawings. Clear width: Minimum 400mm between stringers.
horizontal fixing rails. Dri-Design Cassette Rainscreen Facade System fixed to 8
Rung spacing: 250mm centres (uniform). Rung profile: 20–25mm diameter
rails as details with hidden fixings. All flashings to be installed as manufacturer
solid bar or equivalent, slip-resistant finish. Stiles: 60x10mm flat bar (or equal
instructions to dimensions set out on JHA drawings.
approved). Fall protection: Provide safety hoops (cages) to ladders over 2.5m
Steelwork flange cavity infilled with mineral wool rigid insulation slabs of high, starting between 2.2m–2.5m above ground, continuing to top of ladder,
10kg/m3 (Min 10mm residual cavity) to be acoustically rated as per NOVA 7 complying with BS 4211. Fixings: Hot dip galvanised brackets and anchors,
report as appended. Steelwork to have rockwool / mineral wool infilled bolted to structural wall at maximum 2.0m centres. Provide a secure lockable
around flange and webb as shown. lower gate or removable section to restrict unauthorised access.
Secondary steelwork as engineers design. Ensure PFCs to follow all
openings to provide fixing point for cladding and flashings as shown.
100mm 7N/mm² blockwork leaf - Blockwork to be tied back to primary
Wall at low level to comprise: 100mm 4.2N/mm² blockwork inner and
structure and secondary steelwork as structural engineer / specialist design.
102.5mm brickwork externally as specified by structural engineer with 100mm
cavity filled with 90mm thick Kingspan Kooltherm K106 rigid insulation (10mm
Supply and install new polyester powder coated hot-galvanised steel
residual cavity). Stainless steel cavity wall ties to be spaced at 750mm centers
SilentRoll® 31 – Acoustic Roller Shutter. Electricity operated roller shutter door
horizontally & 450mm vertically & staggered with ties at 225mm vertical
to comprise of electrically operated rolling shutter with steel curtain. Opening
centers to jambs of openings - refer to sections.
dimensions / Ordering size: 3500 wide x 5900mm high. Roller shutter door to
Above low level, wall to comprise: 100mm 4.2N/mm² blockwork inner leaf as
include directly coupled electric drive (3/N/PE ~ 400 V 50 Hz) with an integrated
specified by structural engineer with 150mm cavity. Blockwork to be tied back
safety arrestor (EN 12604 compliant), emergency hand-crank for manual
to primary structure and secondary steelwork as structural engineer /
operation during power failures, control unit (190x300x115mm) with integrated
specialist design. 120mm Euroclad Rainspan Karrier Panel - U-Value 0.15
keypad for simple up-stop-down functionality & dead man’s control system. An
J-J J-J (Weight 14 kg/m2) fixed back to SFS with karrier fastners. Karrier panels to
aluminium bottom profile with a special flexible double-lip tubular seal is
interlock with Kingspan factory fitted gasket and profile as shown to installed at the bottom. All framing and curtain to be polyester powder coated in /208P /208P
manufacturers details. Cladding to comprise kingspan helping hand bracket
grey - colour TBC. IP54-rated protection 6 system (with thermal break pads) and angled / 'tee' vertical rails (refer to
Polyester powder coated aluminium 0.7mm pressed metal details) with horizontal fixing rails. Dri-Design Cassette Rainscreen Facade
Secondary steelwork as engineers design. Ensure PFCs to follow all flashing to be fixed around steelwork as shown. Infill System fixed to rails as details with hidden fixings. All flashings to be installed
openings to provide fixing point for cladding and flashings as shown. steelwork web with mineral wool (30–45 kg/m³) as shown. as manufacturer instructions to dimensions set out on JHA drawings.
100mm 7N/mm² blockwork leaf - Blockwork to be tied back to primary 5 Supply and install new aluminium double glazed partition window set.
150mm Euroclad Rainspan sandwich panel
structure and secondary steelwork as structural engineer / specialist design. Senior PURe® No Profile Groove Windows. All frames to be purpose Supply and install new aluminium double glazed partition window set. Senior
appropriately fixed directly to blockwork wall as
made thermally broken aluminium extrusions, with polyester powder PURe® No Profile Groove Windows. All frames to be purpose made thermally shown. Blockwork fixed back to steelwork as per
Cladding Type 2 (Kingspan Grey 0018) to comprise kingspan helping hand coated finish in colour TBC and to continue the thermal line. All broken aluminium extrusions, with polyester powder coated finish in colour
bracket system (with thermal break pads) and angled / 'tee' vertical rails (refer to engineer's design. Refer to detail - H3 transoms and mullions to be of equal spacings, as shown on elevation W05 TBC and to continue the thermal line. All transoms and mullions to be of equal
details) with horizontal fixing rails. Dri-Design Cassette Rainscreen Facade System Internal wall to comprise 100mm 7N/mm² drawing. Apply air tightness tape and sealant to front and back of all spacings, as shown on elevation drawing. Apply air tightness tape and sealant
fixed to rails as details with hidden fixings. All flashings to be installed as blockwork leaf as specified by structural frames as shown. All windows to have double glazed units comprising to front and back of all frames as shown. All windows to have double glazed
manufacturer instructions to dimensions set out on JHA drawings. engineer taken down to floor slab and up to roof 6mm Pilkingtons PyroStop Active Sun Cool 70/40 outer pane, 16mm units comprising 6mm Pilkingtons PyroStop Active Sun Cool 70/40 outer
level. Wall lined with 15mm gypsum fire board 90% Argon filled cavity, and 6mm Pilkington Optifloat clear inner pane. pane, 16mm 90% Argon filled cavity, and 6mm Pilkington Optifloat clear inner
one side and painted with white paint one side. pane. Polyester powder coated aluminium 0.7mm pressed metal cill flashing
100mm 4.2N/mm² blockwork inner leaf as specified by structural engineer with 150mm Polyester powder coated aluminium 0.7mm pressed metal to be fixed to secondary support and window as manufacturers
cavity. Blockwork to be tied back to primary structure and secondary steelwork as flashing to be fixed around steelwork as shown. Infill steelwork recommendations to ensure minimal deflection.
structural engineer / specialist design. 120mm Euroclad Rainspan sandwich panel web with mineral wool (30–45 kg/m³) as shown.
vertically laid fixed to secondary steelwork as per engineer's design - U-Value 0.15. Secondary steelwork as engineers design. Ensure PFCs to follow all openings
Carrier panels to interlock with as shown to manufacturers details. Cladding to comprise 4 to provide fixing point for cladding and flashings as shown. 100mm 7N/mm²
kingspan helping hand bracket system (with thermal break pads) and angled / 'tee' blockwork leaf - Blockwork to be tied back to primary structure and secondary
vertical rails (refer to details) with horizontal fixing rails. Dri-Design Cassette Rainscreen steelwork as structural engineer / specialist design.
Facade System fixed to rails as details with hidden fixings. All flashings to be installed as
Install a non-combustible cavity closer at all reveals and in cavity between
manufacturer instructions to dimensions set out on JHA drawings.
Kitchenette Store high and low voltage switch rooms, providing ≥60min fire resistance (BS476
Landing Landing
Provide and install feature steel staircase with timber treads and open risers, as detailed. Stringers to be 9.75 m² 3.24 m² Pt 20/22 or EN 1366 ‑ 4), maintaining DPC continuity and thermal insulation.
fabricated from stainless steel, powder-coated grey finish. Treads to be 40 –50mm engineered timber with
9. 10. Internal wall to comprise 100mm 7N/mm² blockwork leaf as specified by
clear lacquer finish. Open risers to have maximum 100mm gap in accordance with Building Regulations.
8. /TBC6 1 structural engineer taken down to floor slab and up to roof level. Wall lined
Stair dimensions to comply with Approved Document K: Riser - 184mm. Going: 250mm. Width of stair to 11.
with 15mm gypsum fire board warm side and painted with white paint one
be minimum 1000mm clear. All steel fixings and connections to be concealed where possible. 7.
12. UPS side.
Provide and install frameless glass balustrade system to stair and landing edges as 6. 13. 2
indicated. Balustrade to consist of laminated toughened safety glass panels (min. 17.5mm 5.
thick or as structurally required) set within aluminium base channel system fixed to 14. Locked SCADA
structural slab. Balustrade height to be: 1100mm above finished floor level at landings. 3 4. 15. Door ZLP PLC
900mm above pitch line to stair flights. Provide continuous stainless steel top handrail fixed 3. Cabinets
16.
to glass panels, with additional secondary handrail to stair flights at 900mm height.All
components to be stainless steel (Grade 316) or equivalent corrosion-resistant finish. 2. 17. 3 Alternative Location
WC Dependant on Internal Walls to comprise Gypframe 48'S'50'C' studs at 600mm centres Gyproc
Steelwork columns and primary structure all to structural engineer's design. All 1. 18. 1.83 m² PLC Process Engineer TBC Sealant for optimum sound insulation - Gypframe GFS1 Fixing Strap fixed to each columns fixed to concrete as structural engineers design. SHS 200x200x10.0 to stud with two suitable British Gypsum wafer head screws. Studs infilled with 25mm
1
not interact with curtain wall system and to sit proud as shown. 2 /216O 4 acoustic isover insulation. Gypframe GFT1 Fixing T or Gypframe GFS1 Fixing Strap
progressively inserted between board edge and studs to support horizontal board
Precast stair and landing elements to be one piece to contractors design. OP
Concrete to bear off wall and onto steelwork as shown red dashed. A Li r f e t a to P b ro e u k d e p o t f c P l l e a a tf r o f r o m r 4 /217O 2 1 Accessible WC j c o e in n t t s re G s. y 2 p W la a ye ll r S s in G g y l p e r F o r c a p m la e s : t G er y b p o fr a a r m d e fix C e h d a b n o n t e h l s s i u d i e ta s b w ly i t f h ix s e u d i t t a o b f l l e o o B r r i a ti t s h 6 0 G 0 y m p m su m
CHS 88.9x4.0 Steelwork column all to structural engineer's design. Column to support precast stair and landing P P e L r C so W n a n i e ti l n a g n / d L G o e a n d e in r g ic 3.70 m² screws at 300mm centres (200mm centres at external angles).
support to contractors design. Column to be proud of and not interact with lift. Contract administrator and Area. Accessible SCADA Switch Room
structural engineer to approve location of column prior to order/ installation with lift installer. Column and precast 3 Door 29.99 m² Supply and install new aluminium windows as indicated on elevation drawings. All
elements to be designed by specialist to support landing, stairs and overhang. to be obtained from a SAS specialist contractor or similar approved and installed to
Ambulant W06 manufacturers details. Senior PURe® No Profile Groove Windows. All frames to be
Curtain Wall double glazed panel to achieve U-value of 1.2 W/m2k. Refer to
Refuse Area purpose made thermally broken aluminium extrusions, with polyester powder
specialist design. Double glazed window unit panels (Senior PURe® No 2 coated finish in colour TBC and to continue the thermal line. All transoms and
Profile Groove Windows) to achieve U-value of 1.2 W/m2k. Apply sealant to
mullions to be of equal spacings, as shown on elevation drawing. Apply air
front and back of frame as shown. All aluminium window frames to be Lift
tightness tape and sealant to front and back of all frames as shown. All windows to
thermally broken and to continue the thermal line. All opening elements of have double glazed units comprising 6mm Pilkingtons PyroStop Active Sun Cool
windows & doors to be sealed with draught excluder. Window and door Glazed Door OP 70/40 outer pane, 16mm 90% Argon filled cavity, and 6mm Pilkington Optifloat
frames to overlap the closer by minimum 30mm. Apply sealant to front and Leaf & Half
clear inner pane. Windows to achieve U-value of 1.2 W/m2/k.
back of frames/cills. Curtain wall tied back to structural engineer's design.
1 Cladding Type 3 (Kingspan White 0004) to comprise kingspan helping hand
Landing area to be kept clear - ambulant / refuse area to be kept clear to
bracket system (with thermal break pads) and angled / 'tee' vertical rails (refer to
dimensions as shown and as stipulated in Approved Document M.
details) with horizontal fixing rails. Dri-Design Cassette Rainscreen Facade
System fixed to rails as details with hidden fixings. All flashings to be installed
Supply and install 1480 x 1100mm Gartec "Aritco Public Lift Access" with
50mm pit - refer to engineer design and 2240mm minimum headroom. Lift to W08 W07 as manufacturer instructions to dimensions set out on JHA drawings.
be configured as shown with access from the Plan West on ground floor and
plan North on first floor. Curtain Wall obscured spandrel panel to Plastered return as Blockwork sat in steel web as
achieve U-value of 1.2 W/m2k. Thermally shown by grey shown. All primary and secondary
Structural deck to be designed by specialist and approved by structural
broken / insulated aluminium frames (Senior dashed line. steelwork to be boxed out as
engineer prior to order. Concrete infilled structural deck to be sat in flange of
SF52 (Zone Drained) Fully Capped 52 mm 15mm Gypsum shown and plastered appropriately.
primary steelwork one end and sat on blockwork wall the other end as
or similar approved). Apply sealant to front Wallboard with All cavities to be in-filled with spray
structural engineer's design.
and back of frame as shown. Curtain wall 3mm Thistle Multi foam insulation or with mineral
fixed as manufacturer and structural Finish skim all wool slabs of 10kg/m3 as shown.
Supply and install new aluminium windows as indicated on elevation drawings. All engineer's details to primary and secondary finished as per
Provide and install new door sets complete with SW door Casings and to be obtained from a SAS specialist contractor or similar approved and installed to
structure. Tie Beam as curtain wall specification of
frames. New frames to be rebated typically 15mm. Rub down post manufacturers details. Senior PURe® No Profile Groove Windows. All frames to be
designers details to be approved by works. Curtain wall
installation in readiness for decoration. Smoke seal rebated into frame. purpose made thermally broken aluminium extrusions, with polyester powder structural engineer prior to order/ boxed out low
Supply and install new Howdens hardwood veneered solid core non-fire coated finish in colour TBC and to continue the thermal line. All transoms and
installation. Cavity to be latted out in timbers level as shown on
rated door set with 3mm veneer to be finished as described 2024-055-221 mullions to be of equal spacings, as shown on elevation drawing. Apply air
with noggins at 600mm c/c. Timbers to be window schedule.
tightness tape and sealant to front and back of all frames as shown. All windows to
inline with edge of curtain walling to allow
First floor to be constructed of floor finish - refer to finishes schedule on have double glazed units comprising 6mm Pilkingtons PyroStop Active Sun Cool
for continuous finish. Plastered finish as
20mm self levelling latex screed on 0.5mm polythene seperation layer 70/40 outer pane, 16mm 90% Argon filled cavity, and 6mm Pilkington Optifloat
shown stepped back from wall.
on 100mm Kingspan Kooltherm K103 sat on structural deck infilled clear inner pane. Windows to achieve U-value of 1.2 W/m2/k.
with concrete as structural engineer's design. All supported off primary
steelwork as structural engineer's design.
-
noissimrep
tuohtiw
decudorper
eb
ton
llahs
dna
dtL
erutcetihcrA
AHJ
fo
thgirypoc
eht
si
gniward
sihT
C
PLEASE NOTE
1. DO NOT scale from this drawing, use figured dimensions only.
2. All dimensions to be checked on site by the contractor.
3. Please report any discrepancies to JHA Architecture Ltd immediately.
4. All setting out dimensions are approximate. To be marked out on site
for approval by JHA Architecture Ltd prior to construction.
BUILDING 02
SWITCH ROOM
NOTES:
DRAWING TO BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH ALL RELEVANT
INFO AND DRAWINGS PROVIDED BY KIT MANUFACTURER
Drawing referencing JHA Dwg. 2024-055-003 Proposed Site Plan.
JHA Ltd to be informed of any Process Engineer/ Consultant information
contrary to the layout, build up & specification laid out in this drawing
prior to construction.
All Levels on this drawing are relative to Agreed Level Datum - Refer to
Levelling station location and Heights on Dwg. 2024-055-003.
PLEASE NOTE:-
1. Refer to JRD design for Drainage Design and Associated Levels Plan.
2. Definitive Plant and Equipment design and specification to be
determined at detailed design stage.
O 10/07/26 Tender Issue JGR
N 06/05/26 Revised As Per JRD Comments JGR
M 24/04/26 Revised For Final Issue JGR
L 03/12/25 Revised Grid Line Distances & Lift Position JGR
K 17/11/25 Amended to client's comments JGR
J 30/10/25 Amended Plan Edits to SE Design JOH
I 29/10/25 Raised Access Floor Amended JOH
H 28/07/25 Issued to JRD for Comment JOH
G 04/06/25 Amended Wall Types JGR
Louvered Door Mirrored on Plant room - F 08/03/25 JOH
Pedestrian Door to North Removed.
E 08/03/25 Amended to client comment JOH
Ref Date Revision Initial
Issue:
TENDER ISSUE
Project/ Client:
PROPOSED NEW GAS PLANT
AT PLOT 8, VESUVIUS WAY,
WORKSOP S80 3NE
FOR BUSE GAS SOLUTIONS
Drawing Title:
PROPOSED FIRST FLOOR PLAN
JHA Limited, West Suite,
Second Floor, Unit F,
South Quay,
First Floor Level
Lakeside Boulevard,
1 : 50 Doncaster, DN4 5PL
T 01302 364 565
E enquiries@j-h-a.co.uk
W www.j-h-a.co.uk
Scale: Date:
As indicated JULY 2026
Drawn By: Checked By:
JOH BF
Drawing No: Sheet Size:
2024/055/202O A1