1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
Supply and install pressed metal aluminium flashing as
shown around parapet head - Refer to separate detail.
1 2
/206O
/206O
Cladding to comprise 150mm Euroclad Rainspan sandwich
panel vertically laid fixed to secondary steelwork as per
engineer's design. Rainscreen cladding to be kingspan helping
hand bracket system (with thermal break pads) and angled /
'tee' vertical rails (refer to details) with horizontal fixing rails. Dri-
Design Cassette Rainscreen Facade System fixed to rainspan
cladding as details with hidden fixings. All flashing to be
installed as manufacturer instructions to dimensions set out on
JHA drawings.
Cladding Type 1 (Kingspan Grey 0050) to comprise kingspan
helping hand bracket system (with thermal break pads) and angled / 'tee' vertical rails (refer to details) with horizontal fixing rails. Dri-Design Cassette Rainscreen Facade System fixed to rails as details with hidden fixings. All flashings to be installed as manufacturer instructions to dimensions set out on JHA
drawings.
Glazed Door Locked
Leaf & Half Door
SCADA Switch Room
29.99 m²
Cladding Type 3 (Kingspan White 0004) to comprise
kingspan helping hand bracket system (with thermal break
pads) and angled / 'tee' vertical rails (refer to details) with
horizontal fixing rails. Dri-Design Cassette Rainscreen Facade
System fixed to rails as details with hidden fixings. All
flashings to be installed as manufacturer instructions to
dimensions set out on JHA drawings.
Cladding Type 2 (Kingspan Grey 0018) to comprise kingspan
helping hand bracket system (with thermal break pads) and
angled / 'tee' vertical rails (refer to details) with horizontal
First floor to be constructed of floor finish - refer to finishes schedule on Double Height PLC fixing rails. Dri-Design Cassette Rainscreen Facade System
20mm self levelling latex screed on 0.5mm polythene seperation layer on Switch Room fixed to rails as details with hidden fixings. All flashings to be
100mm Kingspan Kooltherm K103 sat on structural deck infilled with 86.44 m² installed as manufacturer instructions to dimensions set out
concrete as structural engineer's design. All supported off primary on JHA drawings.
steelwork as structural engineer's design.
100mm 7N/mm² blockwork inner leaf as specified by
structural engineer. Blockwork wall to be laid from
foundations up to underside of steelwork parapet as
shown from FFL. Cladding to comprise 150mm
Euroclad Rainspan sandwich panel vertically laid
fixed to secondary steelwork as per engineer's
design. Rainscreen cladding to be kingspan helping 1000 1157
hand bracket system (with thermal break pads) and 8No. 6No.
angled / 'tee' vertical rails (refer to details) with
horizontal fixing rails. Dri-Design Cassette Rainscreen LV HV
Facade System fixed to rainspan cladding as details
with hidden fixings. All flashing to be installed as Panel Pannel
manufacturer instructions to dimensions set out on
JHA drawings. s s
SVTH 5K3 A11 30P
LV PLC Switch Room
64.73 m² (VFC)
Plant Room
10.94 m²
Install 600mm x 600mm RHG_X Extra heavy
grade Raised access floor system on Alpha
III Standard Pedestals with Extra-Heavy
Grade screw-down stringers.
Trench access
through concrete
900 2021
plinth TBC
150 300 900
150 150 150
1040 5256 900 5127 446
003
150 225
054
0511
6305
3552
003
054
Cavity closer
Zed section flashing bracket
as manufacturers details
Site applied PIR insulation Open state intumescent cavity barrier
board any gaps filled with fire
rated canister insulation
Stitching screws with minimum 14mm
diameter non ferrous EPDM backed
washer fitted at 450mm centres
Pressed aluminium flashing as shown 149 100 150
around parapet head.
120
ALL Steelwork and purlins / cleats as
structural engineer design.
Insulated wall cladding panel Vertically Laid
fixed to primary steelwork as manufacturer
and engineer recomendations and design.
Self-drilling self-tapping primary fixings with
minimum 19mm diameter non-ferrous EPDM
backed washer
Gun grade seal at panel joint inline with 100mm 7N/mm² blockwork leaf -
internal air seal Blockwork to be tied back to primary
structure and secondary steelwork as
PVC Membrane applied as per
structural engineer / specialist design.
manufacturer recommendations
120mm Euroclad Rainspan Karrier
ALL LAPS & JOINTS TO BE APPROPRIATELY
Panel - U-Value 0.15 (Weight 14 SEALED, GLUE AND TAPED WITH SEALANT AND PVC
kg/m2) fixed back to secondary
COVER STRIPS INLINE WITH MANUFACTURERS steelwork with karrier fastners GUIDELINES. ALL FASTENERS TO BE P03/04 AS
RECOMMENDED BY MANUFACTURER Horizontal Kingspan profiled fixing
100mm Cutback rail with secret fixing clips (C-Clip).
Pressed metal aluminium ridge flashing with 4 Gun grade seal at panel joint inline with Panel fixed to fixing clip as per
150mm sealed laps. Min 0.7mm ridge flashing internal air seal Kingspan Dri-Design Details.
fixed to panel at max 450mm centers Continuous self-adhesive film backed Self-drilling self-tapping primary fixings
Rockspan Extra/Lite Core Roof Panel butyl tape applied over the panel with minimum 19mm diameter non- Helping hand bracket fixed to
joint and adjacent fasteners 225 ferrous EPDM backed washer blockwork with fixing anchor inline with
Gun grade seal at panel joint inline manufacturers details & specification.
Site applied fire rated canister
with internal air seal Air Seal - SGV15p20x9 PVC foam tape
insulation Fire classification B1 Kingspan Dri-Design Cassette
Kingspan Profiled filler sealed top & ALL Steelwork and purlins / cleats as Rainscreen Facade System
bottom with gun grade sealant Stitching screws with minimum structural engineer design.
(profiled filler set back 80-100mm) 14mm diameter non ferrous EPDM Air cavity to be maintained behind
Insulated membrane lined gutter with backed washer fitted at every crown panels - formed with horizontal
appropriate linings and flashings
and vertical rails as shown.
0 150 Gutter Eaves beam to structural engineer design Vertical angle or 'Tee' Kingspan
5 and details (Gutter to have 3 points of connection 1 profiled fixing rail fixed to
as per manufacturers recommendations). Horizontal Kingspan profiled fixing
PVC foam tape or butyl pad, applied
Internal flashing overlapped with rail and helping hand brackets.
to the panel crown, locally to the ridge flashing as shown down
stitcher screw location blockwork partition.
Self-drilling self-tapping primary
Gun grade seal at panel joint inline fixings with minimum 19mm diameter
with internal air seal non-ferrous EPDM backed washer.
Typically 3 fixings per panel end &
Internal ridge flashing with 150mm overlap sealed with film backed butyl tape 100 intermediate supports 1040
100mm 7N/mm² blockwork partition - wall 260 CLADDING TO ACHIEVE A1
to terminate at cladding line and to be fire FIRE RATING - ALL DETAILS TO
compartmentalised - Fire Detail to be BE INSTALLED AS PER
provided by contractor and approved by MANUFACTURERS DETAILS.
contract administrator prior to installation.
1201 2806 2454 2411 207 3652 355 3370
21
100mm 7N/mm² blockwork inner leaf as Fall arrest lines to be arranged so that in the event of a fall there is sufficient clearance zone, Provide and install a fall arrest system anchored to the Supply and install 150mm Rockspan Extra/Lite Core.
specified by structural engineer. Blockwork taking into account deployment length of energy absorbers, and any possible swing primary steelwork. System to be designed by a specialist Panels to be installed as per manufacturers design -
wall to be laid from foundations up to (pendulum). Maximum length of lanyard/fall arrest line to comply with relevant standards and submitted for approval prior to installation. Installation colour - TBC. Roof panels to be appropriately sealed and 150mm Rainspan sandwich panel Vertically Laid
underside of steelwork parapet as shown from (e.g. BS EN 354, EN 355) and manufacturer’s instructions. Contractor and manuifacturer to to follow manufacturer’s recommendations and all relevant fixed to ensure a weather tight/ air tight seal is achieved. 4
FFL. Cladding to comprise 150mm Euroclad supply rescue plan and means of recovery to client post in O&M Manual. All installers and British legislation. System must comply with the Work at degree pitched fall to comprise primary steelwork as 150mm Euroclad Rainspan sandwich panel fixed to
Rainspan sandwich panel vertically laid fixed to users to be trained, competent in the use of the system, and supervised. Line to run to gantry Height Regulations 2005. Anchorages for the system must designed by JRD. Cladding panels to be sat on Z purlins. secondary steelwork with 5.5mm fastners with Min
secondary steelwork as per engineer's design. to ensure users can clip onto line within reach of gantry. The system and its components meet design loads and testing criteria in BS 7883 15mm Washer.
Rainscreen cladding to be kingspan helping must be routinely inspected, maintained and records kept in Site health and Safety File (in
hand bracket system (with thermal break pads) accordance with manufacturer’s recommendations and statutory requirements).
and angled / 'tee' vertical rails (refer to details)
with horizontal fixing rails. Dri-Design Cassette
Rainscreen Facade System fixed to rainspan
cladding as details with hidden fixings. All
flashing to be installed as manufacturer
instructions to dimensions set out on JHA
drawings.
200
⌀
FA
Refer to Drawing No. 200
⌀ 2024/055/211 for M&E Details. EX
100 ⌀
EX 150mm Euroclad Rainspan sandwich panel appropriately fixed
directly to blockwork wall as shown. Blockwork fixed back to
steelwork as per engineer's design. Refer to detail - H3
DX Pipework to be mounted on cable tray. Supply and install Rockspan Extra/Lite Core (Acoustic rating to Refer to Reversed Ceiling Plan, drawing Internal wall to comprise 100mm 7N/mm² blockwork leaf as achieve Min 33Db) integral gutter with PVC Membrane applied No. 2024/055/211 specified by structural engineer taken down to floor slab and up all as per Rockspan Euroclad recommendations. Rockspan to roof level. Wall lined with 15mm gypsum fire board one side Extra/Lite Core Roof Panel to be cut and finish as per details. and painted with white paint one side. (Gutter to have 3 points of connection as per Rockspan
recommendations).
Gypframe MF6 ceiling with Perimeter Channel suitably fixed to walls at 600mm All exposed steelwork to be primed and painted white with
Supply and install new aluminium windows as indicated on
centres. 25mm Isover insulation where required. Ceiling suspended on Gypframe Supply and install new aluminium double glazed partition window set. hammerite white gloss paint inline with manufacturer's elevation drawings. All to be obtained from a SAS specialist
Primary Support channels at specified centres supported from Gypframe Strap Senior PURe® No Profile Groove Windows. All frames to be purpose recommendations and specifications contractor or similar approved and installed to manufacturers
Hangers fixed to primary steelwork as shown. Gypframe Ceiling Sections at max. made thermally broken aluminium extrusions, with polyester powder details. Senior PURe® No Profile Groove Windows. All frames
450mm centres fixed to each with two suitable British Gypsum wafer head coated finish in colour TBC and to continue the thermal line. All to be purpose made thermally broken aluminium extrusions,
screws.Two layers Gyproc plasterboard fixed with suitable British Gypsum screws transoms and mullions to be of equal spacings, as shown on elevation with polyester powder coated finish in colour TBC and to
at 230mm centres in field of board and 150mm centres at board ends. drawing. Apply air tightness tape and sealant to front and back of all continue the thermal line. All transoms and mullions to be of
frames as shown. All windows to have double glazed units comprising equal spacings, as shown on elevation drawing. Apply air
6mm Pilkingtons PyroStop Active Sun Cool 70/40 outer pane, 16mm tightness tape and sealant to front and back of all frames as
Supply and install new aluminium windows as indicated on elevation drawings. All 90% Argon filled cavity, and 6mm Pilkington Optifloat clear inner pane. shown. All windows to have double glazed units comprising
to be obtained from a SAS specialist contractor or similar approved and installed to
6mm Pilkingtons PyroStop Active Sun Cool 70/40 outer pane,
manufacturers details. Senior PURe® No Profile Groove Windows. All frames to be
16mm 90% Argon filled cavity, and 6mm Pilkington Optifloat
purpose made thermally broken aluminium extrusions, with polyester powder
All secondary steelwork to frame out windows as shown (All designed by James clear inner pane. Windows to achieve U-value of 1.2 W/m2/k.
coated finish in colour TBC and to continue the thermal line. All transoms and Steel portal columns as detailed by James Roberts Design. All
Roberts Design). Steelwork to have minimum bearing on cladding of 65mm as per
mullions to be of equal spacings, as shown on elevation drawing. Apply air bracing to be sat proud of blockwork partition as shown. manufacturers recommendations. All voids to be filled with stone wool insulation (Min
tightness tape and sealant to front and back of all frames as shown. All windows to
density 23kg/m3). 0.7mm steelwork flashing and continuous rear air seal to ensure have double glazed units comprising 6mm Pilkingtons PyroStop Active Sun Cool
window is watertight and sealed - refer to window details. 70/40 outer pane, 16mm 90% Argon filled cavity, and 6mm Pilkington Optifloat
clear inner pane. Windows to achieve U-value of 1.2 W/m2/k.
100mm 7N/mm² blockwork inner leaf as specified by structural engineer. Blockwork wall
to be laid from foundations up to underside of steelwork parapet as shown from FFL.
Provide and install new door sets complete with SW door Casings and
Cladding to comprise 150mm Euroclad Rainspan sandwich panel vertically laid fixed to
frames. New frames to be rebated typically 15mm. Rub down post
secondary steelwork as per engineer's design. Rainscreen cladding to be kingspan
installation in readiness for decoration. Smoke seal rebated into frame.
helping hand bracket system (with thermal break pads) and angled / 'tee' vertical rails
Supply and install new Howdens hardwood veneered solid core non-fire
(refer to details) with horizontal fixing rails. Dri-Design Cassette Rainscreen Facade
rated door set with 3mm veneer to be finished as described 2024-055-221
System fixed to rainspan cladding as details with hidden fixings. All flashing to be
installed as manufacturer instructions to dimensions set out on JHA drawings.
Ensure that the thermal insulation line is maintained as shown and PIR insulation board is
site applied any gaps filled with fire rated canister insulation. Open state intumescent cavity
6 barrier as shown.
/206O Install a non-combustible cavity closer to top of double blockwork wall providing ≥60min
fire resistance (BS476 Pt20/22 or EN1366 4)
‑
Polyester powder coated aluminium 0.7mm pressed metal
flashing to be fixed around steelwork as shown.
Structural deck to be designed by specialist and approved by structural
DX Pipework to be mounted on cable tray.
engineer prior to order. Concrete infilled structural deck to be sat in flange
Refer to Reversed Ceiling Plan, drawing
of primary steelwork one end and sat on blockwork wall the other end as
No. 2024/055/211
structural engineer's design.
Infill steelwork web with mineral wool (30–45 kg/m³) as shown.
IU/GF/01
Ensure that all blockwork is paint grade - Plasmor Stranlite DX Pipework to be mounted on cable tray.
Internal wall to comprise 100mm 7N/mm²
Paint Grade 7.3N/mm2. Painted in two coats of Dulux Refer to Reversed Ceiling Plan, drawing
blockwork leaf as specified by structural
5 sterashield Diamond Matt - white. No. 2024/055/211 engineer taken down to floor slab and up to All exposed steelwork to be primed and 28 ⌀ MCWS
/206O parapet level. Wall lined with 15mm painted white with hammerite white
gypsum fire board entrance lobby side and gloss paint inline with manufacturer's
paint grade blockwork painted with recommendations and specifications Supply and install 150mm Rockspan Extra/Lite Core. Panels to be installed as per
Plasmor Stranlite Paint Grade 7.3N/mm2. manufacturers design - colour - TBC. Roof panels to be appropriately sealed and fixed to
Painted in two coats of Dulux sterashield Ensure that all blockwork is paint ensure a weather tight/ air tight seal is achieved. 4 degree pitched fall to comprise primary
Diamond Matt - white. Wall to run into grade - Plasmor Stranlite Paint Grade steelwork as designed by JRD. Cladding panels to be sat on Z purlins.
curtain wall mullion and plaster to return 7.3N/mm2. Painted in two coats of
into mullion as shown. All to achieve Supply and install Rockspan Extra/Lite Core integral gutter with PVC Membrane applied all Dulux sterashield Diamond Matt - white.
Minimum 60 Min fire rating. as per Rockspan Euroclad recommendations. Rockspan Extra/Lite Core Roof Panel to be
cut and finish as per details. (Gutter to have 3 points of connection as per Rockspan
recommendations).
Wall to comprise: 100mm 7N/mm² blockwork inner leaf as specified by structural engineer.
Blockwork wall to be laid from foundations up to underside of steelwork eaves as shown
from FFL. Cladding to comprise 150mm Euroclad Rainspan sandwich panel vertically laid
fixed to secondary steelwork as per engineer's design. Rainscreen cladding to be kingspan
helping hand bracket system (with thermal break pads) and angled / 'tee' vertical rails (refer
to details) with horizontal fixing rails. Dri-Design Cassette Rainscreen Facade System fixed
to rainspan cladding as details with hidden fixings. All flashing to be installed as
manufacturer instructions to dimensions set out on JHA drawings.
Wall at low level to comprise: 100mm 4.2N/mm²
blockwork inner and 102.5mm brickwork
externally as specified by structural engineer with
100mm cavity filled with 90mm thick Kingspan
Kooltherm K106 rigid insulation (10mm residual
cavity). Stainless steel cavity wall ties to be
Install 600mm x 600mm RHG_X Extra heavy grade Raised access
spaced at 750mm centers horizontally & 450mm
floor system on Alpha III Standard Pedestals with Extra-Heavy Grade
vertically & staggered with ties at 225mm vertical
centers to jambs of openings. Brickwork sat on screw-down stringers. Stringers to be installed in Grid pattern for 100mm 7N/mm² blockwork inner and
concrete and blockwork leaf to go down to lateral stability. Panels fixed to pedestal cap with extra heavy grade outer leaf as specified by structural
foundation level. fixings. Panels to be 30mm high density particle board with pre- 4 engineer with 100mm cavity filled with
drilled holes finished with wrap around steel top and bottom to /206O 90mm thick Kingspan Kooltherm K106
client specification. Alpha III Standard Pedestals with Extra-Heavy rigid insulation (10mm residual cavity).
Grade screw-down stringers coated with a clear passivation coat.
Blockwork to be sat in steelwork flange
as shown on plan.
21
3
/206O
Base Plate and Principal Contractor to confirm cable arrangement with
fixing cover to Energy Unique, SOPC and gridtech.
extend over
thresholds/ cill Supply and install RC28/35 DS Class 2 concrete slab to JRD
and flashing Design - all thickenings and slabs to be sat on 2000 gauge
appropriately. damp proof membrane (fully lapped and sealed as shown)
on 50mm sand blinding, on minimum 150mm clean dry
hardcore deposited and compacted in max 150mm layers.
2251 Concrete slab to JRD Design (Structural engineers) - all
thickenings and slabs to be sat on 2000 gauge damp proof
membrane (fully lapped and sealed as shown) on 50mm
sand blinding, on minimum 150mm clean dry hardcore
211 deposited and compacted in max 150mm layers.
054
150
054
007
102.5 100
90 100
7801
0511
Base Plate and fixing cover to
Panels to be 30mm high extend over thresholds/ cill
density particle board with pre- and flashing appropriately.
drilled holes finished with wrap
around steel top and bottom to
client specification.
102.5mm brickwork
externally Panels fixed to pedestal cap with
extra heavy grade fixings.
100mm cavity filled with 90mm
thick Kingspan Kooltherm K106 Install 600mm x 600mm
rigid insulation (10mm residual RHG_X Extra heavy grade
cavity). Raised access floor system
100mm 7.3N/mm² blockwork
inner leaf Stringers to be installed in
Grid pattern for lateral stability
Principal Contractor to confirm cable arrangement
with Energy Unique, SOPC
and gridtech.
Ensure that all blockwork is paint grade - Plasmor
Stranlite Paint Grade
225mm thick reinforced 7.3N/mm2. Painted in two
concrete upstand to perimeter coats of Dulux sterashield
of switch room / control Diamond Matt - white.
room - Refer to JRD Design.
Alpha III Standard Pedestals
with Extra-Heavy Grade
screw-down stringers coated
with a clear passivation coat.
2000 gauge damp
proof membrane (fully
lapped and sealed
with RIW sealing
compound as shown
and as RIW details &
tanking solutions) to
encapsulate full area
as shown.
Concrete slab to JRD
Design - thickening and
slab to be sat on 2000
gauge damp proof
membrane (fully lapped
and sealed as shown) on
50mm sand blinding, on minimum 150mm clean
dry hardcore deposited
and compacted in max
150mm layers.
054
003
One layer dot and dab fire line
board plasterboard. Polyester powder coated aluminium
Even coat of Thistle MultiFinish - 0.7mm pressed metal cill flashing to be One layer dot and dab fireline
100mm 7N/mm² blockwork Skim Coat Plaster applied to full fixed to secondary support and window as board plasterboard one side. Ensure that all blockwork is paint
inner leaf as specified by area of wall. manufacturers recommendations to grade - Plasmor Stranlite Paint
structural engineer. ensure minimal deflection. Grade 7.3N/mm2. Painted in two
150mm Euroclad Rainspan Skirting board - profile TBC coats of Dulux sterashield Diamond
sandwich panel vertically laid Apply acoustic expanding foam fill / sealant Matt - white.
20mm self levelling latex screed on to front and back of frames to infill cavities fixed to secondary steelwork as
per engineer's design. 0.5mm polythene separation layer as shown. Even coat of Thistle MultiFinish -
Infill steelwork web with mineral 100mm Kingspan Kooltherm K103 S be it l e o w ap E p u lie ro d c P la I d R R in a s in u s la p ti a o n n s b a o n a d r w d i a ch s s p h a o n w el n . All S ar k e im a o C f o w a a t l l P . l S a k s i t m er t a a p p p e l i t e o d b to e full
wool (30–45 kg/m³) as shown. Structural deck infilled with concrete gaps filled with fire rated canister insulation bedded in plaster over joints in
as structural engineer's design. accordance with manufacturers
Compressible isolation strip Apply continuous 12 x 6mm rear air seal guidelines.
(Isover Acoustic Slab edge Ceiling suspended on Gypframe between secondary steelwork and
strip, backer rod with acoustic Primary Support channels at cladding. Refer to manufacturers design. 100mm 7N/mm² blockwork inner
sealant) between blockwork leaf specified centres supported from Apply acoustic LM Silicone Seal, Backer and outer leaf as specified by
and adjoining steel. Gypframe Strap Hangers fixed to
Rod and expanding foam fill / sealant to structural engineer
structural deck as shown. Structural deck supported off front and back of frames.
web of primary steelwork as Gypframe Ceiling Sections at max. Steelwork columns and secondary Precast concrete lintel over
structural engineer's design. 450mm centres fixed to each with steelwork as per JRD design. Steelwork hole as necessary to facilitate
openings from LV to HV rooms Gypframe MF6 ceiling with two suitable British Gypsum wafer to be Intumescent coated. Backfill to side of
Perimeter Channel suitably fixed head screws. trench with Type 1 100mm 7N/mm² blockwork leaf -
to walls at 600mm centres. Two layers Gyproc plasterboard fixed Sub-base as shown. Blockwork to be tied back to primary
with suitable British Gypsum screws
90mm thick Kingspan structure and secondary steelwork as RIW sealing compound and
at 230mm centres in field of board
Kooltherm K106 rigid insulation structural engineer / specialist design. RIW flexiseals, membranes
and 150mm centres at board ends.
(60mm residual cavity) and sheet seals all as RIW
150mm Euroclad Rainspan sandwich
25mm Isover insulation between details & specification. Water
panel appropriately fixed directly to
floors lapped up walls as shown. bar to be installed in blockwork wall as shown. Blockwork
concrete as necessary.
fixed back to steelwork as per engineer's design.
One layer dot and dab fire line board
plasterboard.
Polyester powder coated aluminium 415
0.7mm pressed metal flashing to be
fixed around steelwork as shown.
Infill steelwork web with mineral
wool (30–45 kg/m³) as shown.
Structural deck infilled with concrete
as structural engineer's design.
Polyester powder coated aluminium
0.7mm pressed metal flashing to be fixed
to cladding and steelwork as shown.
25mm Isover insulation between
floors lapped up walls as shown.
Ceiling suspended on Gypframe Primary
Support channels at specified centres
supported from Gypframe Strap Hangers fixed to structural deck as shown.
Polyester powder coated aluminium
0.7mm pressed metal flashing to be fixed
to cladding as shown with drip support
Ensure that all blockwork is paint
grade - Plasmor Stranlite Paint Grade
7.3N/mm2. Painted in two coats of
Dulux sterashield Diamond Matt - white.
noissimrep
tuohtiw
decudorper
eb
ton
llahs
dna
dtL
erutcetihcrA
AHJ
fo
thgirypoc
eht
si
gniward
sihT
C
PLEASE NOTE
1. DO NOT scale from this drawing, use figured dimensions only.
2. All dimensions to be checked on site by the contractor.
3. Please report any discrepancies to JHA Architecture Ltd immediately.
4. All setting out dimensions are approximate. To be marked out on site
for approval by JHA Architecture Ltd prior to construction.
BUILDING 02
SWITCH ROOM
NOTES:
DRAWING TO BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH ALL RELEVANT
INFO AND DRAWINGS PROVIDED IN JHA TENDER PACKAGE.
Drawing referencing JHA Dwg. 2024-055-003 Proposed Site Plan.
JHA Architecture Ltd to be informed of any Process Engineer/ Consultant
information contrary to the layout, build up & specification laid out in this
drawing prior to construction.
Detail H1 - First Floor - Wall WALLS:
1 : 10 EXTERNAL:
LOW LEVEL:
Wall to comprise: 100mm 4.2N/mm² blockwork inner and 102.5mm
brickwork externally as specified by structural engineer with 100mm
cavity filled with 90mm thick Kingspan Kooltherm K106 rigid insulation
(10mm residual cavity). Stainless steel cavity wall ties to be spaced at
750mm centers horizontally & 450mm vertically & staggered with ties at
225mm vertical centers to jambs of openings.
GROUND FLOOR LEVEL:
Wall to comprise: 100mm 4.2N/mm² blockwork inner leaf as specified by
structural engineer with 150mm cavity. Blockwork to be tied back to
primary structure and secondary steelwork as structural engineer /
specialist design. 120mm Euroclad Rainspan Karrier Panel - U-Value 0.15
(Weight 14 kg/m2) fixed back to SFS with karrier fastners. Karrier panels
to interlock with Kingspan factory fitted gasket and profile as shown to
manufacturers details. Cladding to comprise kingspan helping hand
bracket system (with thermal break pads) and angled / 'tee' vertical rails
(refer to details) with horizontal fixing rails. Dri-Design Cassette
Detail H5 - Lintel In Wall Rainscreen Facade System fixed to rails as details with hidden fixings. All
flashings to be installed as manufacturer instructions to dimensions set
1 : 10 out on JHA drawings.
FIRST FLOOR LEVEL:
Wall to comprise: Gypframe 48'S'50'C' studs at 600mm centres - gypWall
Single Frame: Gypframe Channel suitably fixed to floor at 600mm centres.
Detail H6 - Integral Gutter Deep Channel for heights between 4200mm and 8000mm or Extra Deep
Channel for heights over 8000mm. System infilled with 25mm Isover
1 : 10 accoustic insulation to be tied back to primary structure and secondary steelwork as structural engineer / specialist design. 120mm Euroclad
Rainspan Karrier Panel - U-Value 0.15 (Weight 14 kg/m2) fixed back to
SFS with karrier fastners. Karrier panels to interlock with Kingspan factory
fitted gasket and profile as shown to manufacturers details. Cladding to
comprise kingspan helping hand bracket system (with thermal break
pads) and angled / 'tee' vertical rails (refer to details) with horizontal fixing
Detail H4 - Raised Access Floor
rails. Dri-Design Cassette Rainscreen Facade System fixed to rails as
details with hidden fixings. All flashings to be installed as manufacturer
1 : 10 Detail H2 - Ridge Detail H3 - Internal Lining instructions to dimensions set out on JHA drawings.
INTERNAL:
1 : 10 1 : 10
Wall to comprise: 100mm 4.2N/mm² blockwork as specified by structural
engineer with lining either side - refer to wall plan. Generally all
movements joints at all grid lines / windposts.
Wall to comprise: 75mm channel with gypframe 48'S'50'C' studs fixed at
600mm centres with lining either side - refer to wall plan.
AIR PERMEABILITY:
All junctions, interfaces, penetrations, service entries and construction
details are to be installed and finished to maintain the continuity of the
airtightness line.
• Vapour control layers (VCLs) and airtight membranes to be
lapped, bonded, and sealed in strict accordance with all
manufacturer’s recommendations.
• All junctions between membranes and adjoining elements (e.g.
blockwork, steelwork, window/door frames) to be sealed with
proprietary air-tightness tapes and compatible primers.
• Service penetrations (mechanical, electrical, plumbing,
ventilation) and truss penetrations to be individually sealed with
airtight gaskets, collars, or tapes; no unsealed penetrations are
permitted.
• Damaged or punctured membranes to be repaired immediately
using proprietary air-tightness patches.
• The airtight layer must remain continuous around the entire
thermal envelope, from foundations to roof, with special
attention to wall–roof junctions around structural deck, wall–floor
junctions, and openings.
• Installation is to be coordinated with M&E to ensure compliance
with the SBEM/Part L air permeability target.
• The contractor to ensure all works are completed in such a
manner that the building achieves the specified air permeability
test result at completion.
EXTERNAL DOORS:
Supply and install new Insulated steel-core external open-out doors. PPC
Galvanised double skinned door leaf with PPC Galvanised 90mm
enclosed frame fixed as manufacturer's details. All to be supplied and
installed to manufacturers details. Ironmongery as shown on drawings
and TBC prior to order. All opening elements of windows & doors to be
sealed with draught excluder. Window frames to overlap the closer by
minimum 30mm. Apply sealant to front and back of frame as shown. All
external door sets to be fire rated inline with fire plan.
INTERNAL DOORS: Provide and install new chamfered White MDF Architraves (profile TBC) around all door openings to both sides. Profile and colour to match skirting Board. Provide and install new SW door Casings and frames complete to all new internal door openings. New frames to be rebated
typically 15mm. Rub down post installation in readiness for decoration.
Provide and install new Howdens Spec door.
H 26/10/25 Amended to SBEM comments JOH
G 04/06/25 Amended Wall Types JGR
Louvered Door Mirrored on Plant room -
F 08/03/25 JOH
Pedestrian Door to North Removed.
E 08/03/25 Amended to client comment JOH
D 04/03/25 Amended to client comment JOH
LV & Amenity Space flipped - Plant room C 01/03/25 JOH
amended. HV Space reconfigured.
VE Amendments / Reduced Scope - Office B 26/03/25 JOH
Omitted. Switch Room PLC Units Added
A 07/03/25 Updated To Planning Issue JGR
Ref Date Revision Initial
Issue:
TENDER ISSUE
Project/ Client:
PROPOSED NEW GAS PLANT
AT PLOT 8, VESUVIUS WAY,
WORKSOP S80 3NE
FOR BUSE GAS SOLUTIONS
Drawing Title:
Sections H-H
JHA Limited, West Suite,
Second Floor, Unit F,
South Quay,
Lakeside Boulevard,
Doncaster, DN4 5PL
T 01302 364 565
E enquiries@j-h-a.co.uk
W www.j-h-a.co.uk
Scale: Date:
As indicated JULY 2026
Drawn By: Checked By:
JOH & COR BF
Drawing No: Sheet Size:
2024/055/206O A0
Section H-H
1 : 20