PROPOSED Air Separation Unit
AT
VESUVIUS WAY, WORKSOP
FOR
BUSE GAS
PRE-CONSTRUCTION INFORMATION
JULY 2025
VERSION 01
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. Pre-Construction Information
2. Design Risk Assessment
SECTION 1
PRE-CONSTRUCTION INFORMATION
PRE-CONSTRUCTION INFORMATION
FOR
Buse Gas
AT
VESUVIUS WAY, WORKSOP
1. INTRODUCTION
The purpose of this Pre-construction (PCI) is to provide information for the tendering for / planning
of work and is to assist the Principal Contractor in preparing and developing the Construction
Phase Health and Safety Plan (CPH&SP) prior to commencement onsite. This document in turn
will assist in the preparation of Risk Assessments and Method Statements (RAMS) for
Contractors working for / alongside the PC.
The project referred to above is deemed Notifiable to the Health & Safety Executive (HSE) under
the CDM Regulations of 2015. This Client / PD (on the client’s behalf) will be responsible for
notifying the HSE.
This document has been prepared by JHA Architecture Ltd in their capacity as Principal Designers
for Buse Gas. The source of information to formulate this document was provided by both the
Client and the Design Team.
The document summarises significant risk activity defined by the Design Team and client together
with specific hazards associated with the construction site. The hazards / risks may require
additional control measures and the Principal Contractor should identify such control / mitigation
procedures within the CPH&SP.
Also within, is information / detail provided by the Client to assist in the contractor’s provision of
welfare facilities, services, infrastructure etc.
It is the duty of the Principal Contractor to prepare and operate his own safety management
system and procedures, taking into account the site rules, the Client requirements, the perceived
hazards and project information incorporated within this document and other procurement
documentation. If the PC / Contractor feels elements of information are missing / should be
included within the PCI - this should raise this the PD at the earliest opportunity.
It is necessary for the PC / Contractor’s to visit site and familiarise themselves with the site and
its surroundings prior to tendering.
It should be noted that the site was a former recreational ground with a football pitch, this said the
surrounding area are brown field industrial. The site as existing is made ground, ready to be re-
developed – please refer to the site investigation report prepared by GandM Consults (appended
to this document). The site consists of temporary security fencing to the perimeter. To the North
Eastern boundary is a railway line with palisade fencing. Neighbouring the site to the south is a
Fire station and a builders merchant.
Pre-construction Information 1
Job No.2024/055
1.1. Development of the Construction Phase Health and Safety Plan
The Principal Contractor has a duty to develop the Construction Phase Health and Safety Plan
from the pre-construction information prepared by the Principal Designer and Client Information.
This plan must set out the means by which the PC will control the hazards identified and to take
account of the following (but not limited to):
a) A description of the project such as key dates and details of the members of the design
team
b) The management of the works
c) Health and safety aims
d) The site rules
e) Arrangements to ensure cooperation between project team members and coordination of
their work including project meetings.
f) Arrangements for involving workers
g) Site inductions
h) Welfare facilities
i) Fire and emergency procedures
j) Control of specific site risks.
k) Any changes to the design
l) Aspects of health and safety specific to the Principal Contractor ’s method of working
m) All current relevant legislation
n) Security management
o) Hazards identified by the Principal Contractor and other contractors
p) Hazards identified by contractors with a design responsibility
q) The client’s specific requirements – including the management of the Technology provider.
r) New risks which may arise during the course of the work
Any changes to the plan resulting in design change must only be carried out by agreement with
the Principal Designer.
The Construction Phase Health and Safety Plan should be developed as early as possible to
avoid delays and a satisfactory response is required prior to commencement on site.
Thereafter, the Construction Phase Health and Safety Plan will be updated by the Principal
Contractor to incorporate further hazards identified as work proceeds – procedures of review and
updating of said document should be considered.
1.2. Designer’s Duties
Where the works involve elements of contractor’s design, the Principal Contractor is to assume
the role and responsibility of a designer under the CDM Regulations 2015 and issue designers
risk assessments to the Principal Designer for all elements of contractors design work. Suitable
Professional indemnity insurance will be required for this element.
Items include:
PCC works
Truss Design.
Pre-construction Information 2
Job No.2024/055
1.3. Notifications
It is the Clients responsibility to notify the HSE of the project, and of any changes to Principal
Contractor, Designers, Contractors, time scales etc. The Principal Contractor must display a copy
of the full F10 Notification and notify the PD should changes to arrangements / the team occur.
2. DESCRIPTION OF PROJECT
2.1. Project and Programme Details
The project is for Buse Gases, they are proposing to build a new state of the art Air Separation/
gasification plant.
The site will consist of several buildings, including; New Process buildings / welfare building /
weigh bridge, offices & Scada room / switch rooms.
The externals of the site will consist of parking facilities for both HGV’s & standard vehicles.
Large external yard area to facilitate HGV vehicle movements & Gas storage tanks. Equipment
Bases and loading / off-loading areas.
Key elements of the works include:
• Complete Buildings / Pre-fab / Structures
• Establish site set up, secure with fencing and install signage
• Formation of temporary haul roads, including safe pedestrian crossings
• Contractors Design works
• Ground works
• Piling works
• In situ concrete works
• Pre-cast concrete works
• Masonry
• Structural works – timber, metal other
• Cladding works
• Waterproofing
• Linings / dry partitioning
• Windows, door, stairs
• Formation of a low structural walling
• Breaking out hard standing
• Cut and fill works
• Site excavation
• First fix and second joinery
• First fix and second fix Plumbing works
• First Fix and Second fix commercial electrical installation
• Roofing works
• Mechanical equipment installations
• Fitting of Fixtures and fittings
• Decoration works
Pre-construction Information 3
Job No.2024/055
The commencement date for the project is anticipated to be December 2027.
KEY DATES
Task Anticipated Completion / Issue Action
Design Team
Planning Permission Approved Bassetlaw Council
Structural Design Issued 24th June J Roberts Design
M and E Design Issued 24th June Energy Unique
Detailed Design Issued 24th June JHA Architecture
Final Issue of Technical Design Issued 24th June JHA Architecture
Procurement
Stage 1 Tender Process June / July Prospective Contractors
Tender Review 3rd August – (3 weeks) Prospective Contractors
Stage 2 Negotiations August Prospective Contractors
Letter of intent August / September Client
Signing Of Contracts September / October TBC
Construction Phase
Site Mobilisation September 2026
Partial Completion Section 1 16th April 2027
Technology provider occupation 19th April 2027 (6 Month Build)
Construction Phase Completion Contractor to advise
Technology provider leave site 18th October 2027
Rectification Period 12 Months Contractor to advise (12 months)
It is expected that the Principal Contractor will programme the works so that other contractors
appointed are provided with reasonable lead-in times.
The Principal Contractor will be given a lead-in period from the award of the contract to the start
date TBC
The Principal Contractor / contractors are required to provide a detail programme of works which
will be used by the client to programme the Phasing of the project, practical completion / handover
and installation of any fixtures fittings and finishes. This programme of works will form part of the
contract documents and will be kept up to date throughout the course of the project.
The Principal Contractor will be required to prepare the Construction Phase Health and Safety
Plan in good time prior to commencement on site in order that the client can consider the
Construction Phase Health and Safety Plan together with the Principal Designer and approve not
less than one week before commencement on site.
There will not be any restriction on working hours, however, any out of normal hours working must
be agreed with the client.
Pre-construction Information 4
Job No.2024/055
Details of Project Team
Client: Buse Gas
Contact Name: Jagjit Samra / Nigel Adams
Architectural Services: JHA Architecture Ltd
Contact Name: Jack O’Hara / Brendan Foster / John A O’Neill.
Contract Administrator: JHA Architecture Ltd.
Contact Name: Jack O’Hara / Brendan Foster / John A O’Neill.
Mechanical and Electrical Designer: Energy Unique Building Services Consultants
Contact Name: William Melnyk
Principal Designer: JHA Architecture Ltd
Contact Name: Jack O’Hara / Brendan Foster / John A O’Neill.
Structural & Civil Engineer: James Roberts Designs Ltd
Contact Name: James Roberts / Andrew Manning.
Acoustic Engineer: Nova Acoustics
Contact Name: Adam Martin
Fire Engineer: - Stantec
Acoustic Consultant – NOVA Acoustics
2.2. Statement of Client’s Health and Safety Policy
Generally
The client is committed to supporting the health and safety strategy in the context of managing
safe construction.
The client will employ a Principal Contractor who can demonstrate and implement a safety
strategy with a target of zero accidents of all types.
Pre-construction Information 5
Job No.2024/055
The client will require that the Principal Contractor be able to demonstrate the following
requirements:
• All management, supervisory staff, tradesmen and operatives will have Sufficient Skill
Knowledge Experience and behaviours to undertake the necessary tasks.
• Everyone working on the site will go through the Principal Contractor’s health and safety
induction process.
• Demonstrate a commitment to consultation on health and safety issues.
• Have a system to identify, agree and adopt best practice and also to rapidly disseminate
lessons learnt from health and safety incidents.
• The Principal Contractor must prepare a suitable emergency plan detailing the procedures
to be taken in the event of serious or imminent danger via explosion, collapse of
excavations, flooding of excavations and equipment moving traffic etc. The procedures
may require evacuation of the site or involve the rescue of an injured person. Details
should be included in the Construction Phase Health and Safety Plan. A sufficient number
of competent persons should be nominated to implement these procedures.
• When planning emergency procedures, escape routes and exits etc, consider the type
and location of work being undertaken and the number of persons likely to be present on
site at any one time.
• The emergency plan must be agreed with the emergency services along with agreeing
access restrictions for them in the event that they have to enter the site unescorted.
• Emergency escape routes on the site should be kept clear, signed and adequately lit.
• The Principal Contractor must provide adequate first aid facilities with sufficient numbers
of qualified first aiders based on an assessment of the risk of injury and ill health on site.
• The Principal Contractor should ensure that any necessary contacts are arranged,
particularly with regard to first aid, emergency medical care and rescue work.
• The contractor must provide or arrange for adequate space on site for:
o Storage of plant, equipment and machinery.
o Storage of builder’s materials.
o Welfare facilities for both contractors and client appointed technology Providers.
o Storage area of proposed process equipment to be installed – Delivery dates and
exact equipment tbc.
o Adequate arrangements for vehicular movements for all personnel.
• The Principal contractor is responsible for the induction, management and wellbeing of
the client directly appointed sub contractors. Consideration should be given to:
o Additional Welfare facilities
o Lone working
o High risk activities
o Competence
Pre-construction Information 6
Job No.2024/055
o Language barriers (The Main Technology providers are from China approximately
40 engineers – not all will be able to speak English)
o Daley activities.
• The Principal Contractor will be responsible for ensuring that suitable and appropriate
welfare facilities are provided on the site in accordance with the Construction (Health,
Safety and Welfare) Regulations 1996.
• The welfare facilities should be sufficient for everyone who is working on the site and can
be arranged separately or jointly with others. The facilities should be kept clean, warm
and properly ventilated.
• The PC is to anticipate no facilities onsite including Gas Water and Electric in the initial
build phases. Services maybe established throughout the construction period but must not
be relied upon.
2.2A Accommodation of Client-Nominated Technology Contractor (SOPC)
The Principal Contractor will note that the Client will appoint a specialist Technology Provider
(SOPC) directly to undertake the delivery, assembly and installation of process equipment
associated with the project.
The Technology Provider will comprise an international workforce travelling from China and will
occupy the site during the construction phase under a programme of phased possession. The
Principal Contractor to make full allowance within their tender submission for all management,
supervision, coordination, welfare, logistical arrangements, translation services, health and safety
administration and interface management associated with accommodating the Technology
Provider.
The Principal Contractor are to refer to the appended skeleton programme and provide a
programme including the works to facilitate occupation of the Central Processing Plant Island and
associated equipment bases in accordance with the project programme. This should include
completion of foundations, equipment plinths, below-ground infrastructure, drainage works,
access routes and all associated enabling works necessary to permit installation activities.
The Principal Contractor will coordinate all activities associated with the Technology Provider
including, but not limited to:
• Management of site interfaces between construction activities and technology installation
works.
• Provision of suitable translation and interpretation services.
• Translation of site rules, emergency procedures, inductions and relevant health and safety
information.
• Coordination of deliveries, lifting operations and abnormal loads.
• Management of access arrangements and traffic movements.
• Coordination of shared welfare facilities and site services.
• Provision of ongoing supervision and monitoring of site activities.
• Delivery scheduling and programme integration.
Pre-construction Information 7
Job No.2024/055
The Principal Contractor is to establish suitable arrangements for communication between all
parties and ensure that language barriers do not compromise health, safety, welfare or
operational efficiency.
Separate compounds may be established for the Principal Contractor and Technology Provider.
Notwithstanding such arrangements, the Principal Contractor are to remain responsible for overall
site coordination, cooperation and interface management in accordance with the Construction
(Design and Management) Regulations 2015. Refer to drawings.
The Principal Contractor are to ensure that all personnel are aware of the distinction between
compound boundaries, access restrictions, emergency arrangements and permit procedures.
Tendering contractors are referred to the document entitled:
"Accommodation of Client-Nominated Technology Contractor (SOPC) by Contractor TBC –
Translation, Site Coordination, Phasing and CDM Requirements & Stipulations"
which forms part of the tender information and should be read in conjunction with this Pre-
Construction Information document. The Principal Contractor are to make full allowance for all
requirements contained in the document and any they foresee.
2.3. Extent and Location of Existing Records and Plans
A site survey plan has been prepared, drawing no 2024-055-01, copies of which are included in
the tender documents.
Details of existing services routes into the building, where known, are shown on the survey plans.
Existing Utility companies (water, gas, electric, sewage) have been approached by the client /
client representatives to identify the services within and around the site. Please refer to EU
drawings.
There are no existing structures on the site however, the tendering contractor is advised to visit
the site and satisfy themselves as to the nature and use of the immediate environment.
The tender information includes indicative lifting strategy drawings identifying the proposed crane
locations for Dewsbury cranes, exclusion zones and lifting arrangements associated with the
erection of the process tower. These drawings are provided for information and are to be reviewed
by tendering contractors when preparing their construction methodology and programme.
Pre-construction Information 8
Job No.2024/055
CLIENT’S CONSIDERATIONS AND MANAGEMENT REQUIREMENTS
2.4. Planning for and Managing the Construction Work
The Principal Contractor will be responsible for planning and managing the construction work
including all contractors (contractor or client appointed) together with the general health and
safety requirements for the project.
The objective of the Construction Phase Health and Safety Plan will be to provide a useful working
document which will act as a focus for persons working on the project and for the client’s staff and
visitors.
2.4b Utility Infrastructure and Grid Connection Works
The Client is currently considering the appointment of either National Grid or a private
Independent Connection Provider (ICP), currently anticipated to be “Grid tech”, to undertake the
installation of the electrical grid connection serving the development.
The works are anticipated to include both contestable and non-contestable elements associated
with the electrical connection and may involve the installation of below-ground ducting, cabling
and associated infrastructure crossing parts of the site. Refer to drawings.
Tendering contractors are to make allowance for coordinating their works with the appointed utility
provider and are to cooperate with the Client and utility provider in developing an appropriate
sequence of works. Particular consideration to be given to avoiding abortive works, unnecessary
excavation, reinstatement or damage to completed foundations, hardstanding’s, yards, roads and
external works.
The Principal Contractor is to maintain regular liaison with the Client and the appointed utility
provider to ensure utility installation works are appropriately integrated into the construction
programme and that access, excavation and reinstatement activities are coordinated with ongoing
site operations.
At the time of tender, the utility provider's appointment and scope remain under review.
Contractors are therefore requested to provide separate cost allowances for any contestable
works that may ultimately be incorporated within the Principal Contractor's scope. The extent of
any non-contestable works will remain the responsibility of the appointed utility provider.
Temporary Power Provision
The project programme is dependent upon the availability of a permanent electrical supply to
facilitate commissioning, testing and operation of the specialist process equipment installed by
the Client's nominated Technology Provider (SOPC).
Should the permanent grid connection not be available by the date required for commissioning,
testing or demonstration of the installed equipment, the Principal Contractor are to provide within
their tender submission a separate cost allowance for the provision of a temporary power solution.
The temporary power solution should be capable of supporting the commissioning and testing
requirements of the Technology Provider and may include generators, temporary distribution
Pre-construction Information 9
Job No.2024/055
equipment, fuel management, cabling, protection systems, maintenance and all associated
temporary works.
Tendering contractors are to clearly identify within their submission:
• The proposed temporary power solution.
• Available electrical capacity.
• Duration of operation assumed within the allowance.
• Fuel, servicing and maintenance provisions.
• Any exclusions or limitations associated with the temporary supply arrangement.
The Client reserves the right to instruct the use of a temporary power solution should the
permanent utility connection not be available within the timescales required to support
commissioning and testing activities.
2.5. The structure and organisation are broadly as follows:
Client
Architect/Designer
(JHA)
(Lead Consultant)
Principal Designer
JHA
Other Consultants SE,
ME,
Principal Contractor
Contractors Technology Provider
2.6. Communication and Liaison
Regular meetings will be held on site by the Contract Administrator / Lead Consultant to discuss
the works, CDM issues, progress and health and safety issues. The meetings will also be used
to discuss arrangements for ensuring the client employees are kept informed of events and any
changes to access or restrictions around the works area. CDM will be part of the agenda for these
meetings.
Meeting minutes and actions will be produced by the Contract Administrator and distributed to all
present and a copy forwarded to the Principal Designer. Any alterations to the design or CPHSP
should be forwarded to the Principal Designer prior to commencement of said elements of work.
Consideration should be given to providing adequate communication arrangements for the
Technology providers in terms of interpreters, alternative signage, translated documentation etc.
Onsite emergency communication should be understood to have a common known method
across languages.
Pre-construction Information 10
Job No.2024/055
Particular consideration to be given to communication with the Client's nominated Technology
Provider (SOPC). The Principal Contractor are to establish suitable arrangements for
interpretation services, translated documentation and effective communication between all parties
involved in the project.
Regular coordination meetings to be undertaken between the Principal Contractor, Client,
Contract Administrator, Principal Designer and Technology Provider representatives to review
programme integration, delivery schedules, site logistics, health and safety matters and interface
risks associated with concurrent working activities.
The Principal Contractor needs to maintain effective day-to-day communication procedures to
ensure that emerging risks, programme constraints and operational issues are identified and
addressed promptly.
Continuing Liaison
The Construction Phase Health and Safety Plan must include arrangements for ongoing
communication and regular liaison between all parties on site, consultation with the workforce,
and exchange of design information between client, designers, Principal Designer, and all sub-
contractors employed.
2.7. Site Wide Elements
The areas surrounding the site are:
- Directly North of the site is the eastern rail line through Worksop.
- Directly East of the site is an empty plot of land, ready to be developed.
- South, East of the site is the Worksop fire station & Asda.
- South of the site is to be new adopted Highway & roundabout.
- Beyond this is another plot of undeveloped land.
- West of the site is existing greenspace / woodland. “Tranker Wood”.
The site is accessed Via, Vesuvius Way. (A new industrial / commercial estate). All vehicle traffic
will come via A57 / A60 & Sandy lane. – consideration should be given regard providing safe
access across virgin / made ground, especially through winter periods.
2.7A Temporary Site Access, Haul Roads and Interface with Adjacent Works
The Principal Contractor to note that the proposed site compound is anticipated to be located
onsite and within the adjacent Plot 8 and to form access to site from the round arbout, as identified
on the tender drawings.
The permanent access road and associated infrastructure serving the development is currently
being constructed under a separate contract by others. Tendering Contractors to familiarise
themselves with the extent of these works and make full allowance within their tender submission
for coordinating activities with the adjacent contractor and accommodating ongoing construction
operations.
Pre-construction Information 11
Job No.2024/055
Prior to commencement of the main works, the Principal Contractor to design, construct, maintain
and subsequently remove temporary haul roads required to facilitate access to the site, compound
areas and working zones.
Temporary haul roads to be formed using clean 6F2 hardcore material placed and compacted in
layers not exceeding 150mm in thickness using suitable compaction equipment. The haul road to
be designed and constructed to safely accommodate all anticipated site traffic including cranes,
abnormal loads, HGV deliveries, plant and construction vehicles.
The Principal Contractor to ensure that haul roads are of sufficient width and construction to permit
safe access and egress throughout the duration of the works without continual edge breakdown,
rutting or deterioration. All compacted material to be adequately consolidated, inspected and
maintained throughout the construction period.
The Principal Contractor to provide, install, maintain and remove all temporary protection
measures necessary to facilitate construction traffic crossing existing or newly constructed
infrastructure. Such measures to include, where required, road plates, load distribution systems,
protective coverings and other suitable protection arrangements.
The Principal Contractor to ensure that all temporary protection measures are sufficient to prevent
damage to roads, concrete slabs, pavements, kerbs, channels, drainage infrastructure and
associated external works. Any damage arising from the Contractor's operations to be repaired
at the Contractor's expense to the satisfaction of the Contract Administrator.
The Principal Contractor to note that access to the site may require vehicles to pass through
designated passing points and across areas of highway or infrastructure works being undertaken
by others. Deliveries, crane movements and abnormal load operations to be coordinated with all
affected parties to ensure safe access is maintained at all times.
The Principal Contractor to make full allowance for accommodating adjacent contractors,
separate CDM work areas, compound arrangements and interface requirements as indicated on
the tender drawings. Alternative proposals may be submitted for consideration by the Client and
Contract Administrator, provided they demonstrate an equivalent or improved level of safety,
coordination and operational efficiency.
2.8. Security of the Site/Works
The Principal Contractor will be fully responsible for site security arrangements and access to the
site. Please refer to drawing no 2025-055-038 which identifies a suggested contract compound
area.
The Principal Contractor should take reasonable measures to ensure that at the start and end of
each working day, and the commencement of any works, no unauthorised persons are present in
the building / site.
The Principal Contractor will have a daily signing in policy for his operatives and visitors to the
site, details of persons on site are therefore recorded in case of emergency and a roll-call is
required. The Principal Contractor should detail the arrangements for security within the CPHSP.
Pre-construction Information 12
Job No.2024/055
The Principal Contractor must take reasonable measures to ensure that no unauthorised persons
enter the work areas. Only people who are explicitly authorised by the Principal Contractor should
be allowed access to the site. Authorised people should have the relevant site rules explained to
them and undertake any necessary safety induction training.
Consideration should be given to out of hours working and overnight security.
2.9. Welfare Provisions
The Principal Contractor is to allow for providing temporary welfare facilities for the full duration
of the contract together for the client appointed Technology Providers. The Principal Contractor
will make his own arrangements for supplies as required. These facilities need to be provided
within the contractor’s compound, to be agreed within the CPH&SP and at the pre-start meeting
prior to commencement.
The Principal Contractor will provide welfare facilities in accordance with Schedule 2 of the
Construction (Health, Safety and Welfare) Regulations 2007 and the CDM Regulations 2015
requires the client to be satisfied that the above is in place prior to the works commencing.
The Principal Contractor to ensure that welfare facilities are suitably sized and managed to
accommodate both the construction workforce and the Client's nominated Technology Provider
throughout the duration of their occupation of the site.
The Principal Contractor are to consider the anticipated number of specialist personnel, welfare
demand, language requirements and the duration of the technology installation phase when
determining the scale and location of welfare facilities.
2.10. Site Hoarding & Scaffolding requirements
It is the requirement of the client that the Principal Contractor provides a secured perimeter around
the areas of works. It has been agreed that a Heras fence with anti vandal fixings would be the
minimum.
If there is a need for any Heras fencing or walkway to encroach onto a highway, the Principal
Contractor is to consult with the Highway Authority Area Engineer before this is erected, and a
license under Section 169 of the Highways Act 1980 sought for any such encroachment.
Any gantry extending over the public footpath must be to the approval of Highways, Area
Manager.
2.11. Site Transport Arrangements or Vehicle Movement Restrictions
It will be the responsibility of the Principal Contractor to detail the proposals for managing access
to and from the site in their Construction Phase Health and Safety Plan.
The PC is to keep the highway clean and tidy for other users. Wheel washing procedures maybe
required in winter months.
Pre-construction Information 13
Job No.2024/055
Should Cranes be required, lifting plans and oversailing need to be considered in detail.
The Principal Contractor are to allow for the receipt, storage and management of specialist
process equipment, abnormal loads and multiple container deliveries associated with the
Technology Provider's installation activities. SOPC to store 38 minimum containers as per the
drawings.
The Principal Contractor are to coordinate all deliveries, lifting operations and traffic management
arrangements to ensure safe access is maintained for construction personnel, technology
installation teams and delivery vehicles at all times.
Provision should be made within the site layout for equipment storage, container storage,
fabrication areas and associated operational requirements as identified within the project
documentation.
2.12. Client Permit to Work Procedures
All operatives are to carry an up to date CSCS card for the element of works they are to carry out
and undertake the necessary Principal Contractors induction. All cards are to be produced upon
request by any person.
All visitors must carry a CSCS card and undergo a site induction, alternatively at the discretion of
the principal contractor, undertake a site induction and be accompanied by an inducted CSCS
authorised person at all times.
The PC is to put into place appropriate procedures to manage the Health and Safety of operatives
together with induction procures and permitting.
Consideration must be given to the Technology Providers permitting system.
2.13. Fire Precautions
No burning will be permitted on site.
Extra care should be taken to ensure that no incipient fires are left when burning equipment (e.g.
oxy-propane torches) have been used.
The Principal Contractor is required to write and review a fire plan for the project. The fire plan
must be submitted along with the Construction Phase Health and Safety Plan prior to the works
commencing on site.
The publication ‘Fire Prevention on Construction Sites’ may be helpful in producing the fire plan.
The Principal contractor is advised to consider notification procedures / early warning procedures
for a fire incident to the clients neighbouring uses.
2.14. Emergency Procedures and Means of Escape
Pre-construction Information 14
Job No.2024/055
Procedures must be written and included in the Construction Phase Health and Safety Plan to
deal with all emergencies that may arise during the construction work. Where contractors provide
method statements and risk assessments for their work, the risks must be looked at to ensure
that the Construction Phase Health and Safety Plan fully covers all emergencies that may arise.
The nearest Accident and Emergency Hospital from the site is located at Bassetlaw Emergency
Hospital.
The Principal Contractor must ensure that first aid cover is provided through the duration of the
project. This must meet with current legislation. Details of emergency procedures should be part
of the site induction given to persons working or visiting the site.
Fire exits from any buildings and the site in general must be clearly signed, left clear at all times
and maintained during the works. Consideration must be given to foreign workers.
If the emergency services have been summoned then the Principal Contractor must inform the
client’s reception office immediately so that they can be allowed on the premises as quickly as
possible.
2.15. ‘No Go’ Areas
The Principal Contractor is responsible for informing all operatives, sub-contractor’s operatives
and visitors that on no account are they allowed beyond the area of works, as defined on drawing
no. 35
Should a contractor require access to areas outside the contractor’s compound to undertake
works, authorisation must be granted by the client and Principal Designer.
2.16. Site Rules
The Principal Contractor will provide a set of rules for persons working on the site. These rules
must be made known to all operatives when they are inducted prior to them starting work on site.
The following must be included in the site rules:
• No radios or personal stereos are permitted on the site
• Smoking is not permitted on the site
• The welfare facilities must be kept clean and tidy at all times
• Persons visiting or working on the site must not enter any areas where they are not
authorised to do so
• Any person that appears to be under the influence of alcohol or drugs must be excluded
from the site
• All accidents and near misses must be reported to the Principal Contractor ’s Health and
Safety Officer and also the client’s Health and Safety Officer together with being recorded
in the site diary.
• All out of ours working must be approved by the PC and Client.
Pre-construction Information 15
Job No.2024/055
2.17. Site Tidiness
The site must be kept clear of any accumulation of rubbish which could become a fire risk, trip
hazard or other health risk. Debris and surplus materials etc must be removed from the area of
work as soon as it arrives. The principal contractor is to ensure that the surrounding areas, off
loading areas, car parks, footpaths etc are clean, tidy and free of debris at all times.
Any materials to be stored on site must be locked away.
2.18. Site Supervision
The client expects continual site supervision to be provided by the Principal Contractor, therefore
whenever a sub-contractor or client directly appointed contractor is on site the Principal Contractor
will also have supervision on the site. This will be achieved by the appointment of full time Site
Managers and Contracts Managers. All Site Managers are to have completed the SMSTS
Training Course or higher and produce a certificate as part of the CPH&SP
The Client expects continual site supervision to be provided by the Principal Contractor
throughout the construction and technology installation phases of the project. Whenever a
contractor or client-appointed specialist contractor is present on site, the Principal Contractor are
to ensure that suitable management and supervisory arrangements remain in place.
The Principal Contractor are to retain responsibility for the overall coordination of site activities,
management of interfaces, health and safety oversight and cooperation between all parties,
including the Client's nominated Technology Provider.
Should the Principal Contractor's own construction activities substantially reduce or conclude prior
to completion of the technology installation works, appropriate supervision and management
arrangements are to remain in place until all site activities have been completed and the works
are ready for final handover.
3. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTRICTIONS AND EXISTING ON-SITE RISKS
3.1. Site Safety Hazards
As the site is a clear site, no significant existing site hazards are identified. This said please take
note of:
- Adjacent operations
- Site ground investigation report
- Railways to the north.
- Fire service operations.
- Interface risks associated with the Client's nominated Technology Provider, including
language barriers, heavy equipment installation, abnormal deliveries, lifting operations,
segregated compounds and concurrent construction activities.
Pre-construction Information 16
Job No.2024/055
3.2. Delivery of Materials
The delivery of materials to site must be closely controlled. Adequate warning signs must be
posted and due care should be taken to ensure access to other premises is maintained at all
times.
3.3. Adjacent Land Uses
The contractor must maintain convenient easements, rights of way and safe access to the
adjacent properties, and proposals where necessary should be included in the Construction
Phase Health and Safety Plan.
3.4. Location of Existing Services
The Principal Contractor is advised to carry out a full CAT Scan of the site prior to commencement
of any excavations in order to identify any possible unknown services. It is also advised that the
principal contractor liaise with local utility companies regarding exact positions prior to
commencement. Any works to utilities required outside the site will be carried out by the Utility
companies unless other arrangements area in place.
3.5. Difficulties in access and movement
If use of a crane is required, care is to be taken to make sure that the jib does not come in close
proximity of any overhead services and, if necessary, suitable barriers should be erected at
ground level to prevent this or restricted areas of travel established.
Over sailing rights must be considered along with site limitations and are included in the lift plan
and CPH&SP.
A lift plan should be written and suitable strategy put in place prior to crane works. neighbouring
properties and railway lines should be considered.
Specialist lifting operations are anticipated during the project, including the installation of the
process tower by Dewsbury Cranes.
Drawings appended to the tender package identify proposed crane positions, lifting zones,
exclusion zones and operational restrictions. Tendering contractors must review this information
and make suitable allowance for coordinating these activities within their construction programme.
The Principal Contractor must prepare detailed lifting plans, risk assessments and method
statements prior to commencement of lifting operations and shall ensure that exclusion zones are
established, maintained and enforced throughout the lifting activities. Include a price for having
the crane platforms ready to go and for making good after crane has been onsite.
Particular consideration to be given to adjacent operations, vehicle movements, public safety, site
access arrangements, overhead restrictions, railway infrastructure and ongoing construction
activities.
Pre-construction Information 17
Job No.2024/055
4. SITE HEALTH HAZARDS
4.1. Storage of Hazardous Materials
There are no known hazardous materials stored on or near the areas of the proposed works.
4.2. Contaminated Land
The client is not aware of any ground contamination in the area of the proposed works.
Please refer to the Site Ground Investigation report for more details.
4.3. Disposal of Material
The Principal contractor is to outline proposals for the safe disposal of materials, either to licensed
landfill sites or to their own store if to be sorted and recycled.
5. SIGNIFICANT DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION HAZARDS
The following principal hazards or work sequences so far identified cannot be avoided and will be
a risk to the health and safety of the construction workers.
- Technology Provider Integration.
- Erection of large pre-fabricated structures.
- Equipment deliveries and installation.
- Crane movements. Specialist crane operations associated with the erection of the process
tower, including management of exclusion zones, lifting operations, oversailing risks and
interface with adjacent site activities.
- Vehicle movements.
- Risk of delayed utility connection affecting commissioning, testing and operation of the
Technology Provider's specialist process equipment.
- Interface and sequencing risks associated with the installation of electrical grid
infrastructure and below-ground utility connections by third-party utility providers.
- Interface risks associated with adjacent infrastructure works being undertaken under
separate contracts, including shared access arrangements, temporary haul roads,
compound locations, delivery coordination and protection of newly constructed roads and
external works.
The specified hazards and assessed risks are outlined in the Designer’s Hazard / Risk
assessment for each work section affected. The list does not address the commonplace hazards
which must be controlled by site management and good practice.
It will be the responsibility of the Principal Contractor to detail their proposals for managing these
problems. The details/method statements will be incorporated into the Construction Phase Health
and Safety Plan prior to the work commencing on site.
5.1. Arrangements for Co-ordination of Ongoing Design Work and Handling Design
Changes
Pre-construction Information 18
Job No.2024/055
During site meetings any design changes will be discussed along with their implications to health
and safety. Details of any designs carried out by designers working for contractors, or their sub-
contractors, must be passed to the Principal Designer.
5.2. Information on Significant Hazards Identified during the Design
The contractor selected to carry out this project will have been assessed as competent to carry
out and oversee all works associated with it. Information on specific hazards identified during the
design stage can be found in the ‘Design Hazard Identification’ in Section 2.
It is critical for the operation of the site that the works are carried out in an organised and well
planned operation. Detailed method statements will be required for these works, which will have
to be produced in good time so that they can be discussed with the project team at a meeting
prior to the works being undertaken.
5.3. Construction Materials
The following health hazards for materials have so far been identified which cannot be avoided
and will be a risk to the health and safety of all workers or visitors during construction.
a) Cement and concrete.
b) Dust from excavation work.
c) Hot poured sealants and tarmac.
d) Bituminous / chemical sealants.
Gas cylinders and similar containers, whether empty, in use, or spare, should be stored in a safe
place
Other hazards may exist from materials to be used in the project which are not known at this point
in time. The Principal Contractor will be responsible for bringing to the attention of all operatives
and providing safe working methods and ensuring manufactures instructions are followed.
It will be the responsibility of the contractor to detail their proposals for managing these problems.
The details/method statements will be incorporated into the Construction Phase Health and Safety
Plan prior to the works commencing on site.
5.4. Technology Provider Accommodation and Interface Management
The project includes the phased occupation of the site by the Client's nominated Technology
Provider (SOPC) for the installation of specialist process equipment.
Significant risks associated with these activities include:
▪ Concurrent construction and technology installation works.
▪ Movement and installation of heavy process equipment.
▪ Abnormal load deliveries and lifting operations.
▪ Shared access routes and logistics management.
▪ Language and communication barriers.
▪ Segregation of work areas and compound management.
▪ Protection of installed equipment from ongoing construction activities.
▪ Coordination of health and safety procedures between multiple parties.
Pre-construction Information 19
Job No.2024/055
The Principal Contractor to provide detailed proposals within the Construction Phase Health and
Safety Plan outlining how these interface risks will be managed throughout the project.
6. THE CONSTRUCTION PHASE HEALTH AND SAFETY PLAN (CPHSP)
The Principal Contractor will be responsible for drawing up the Construction Phase Health and
Safety Plan. Information should be included in the plan where the topic is relevant to the work
proposed. The plan should set out how health and safety is to be managed during the
construction phase.
The Construction Phase Health and Safety Plan should be prepared following the guidance and
example headings as shown HSE guidance L153.
7. THE HEALTH AND SAFETY FILE
The Principal Contractor will be responsible for providing information to the Principal Designer on
completion of the project.
Information for the Health and Safety file is outlined below.
The Health and Safety file is to be a comprehensive information source and guide for the employer
and end users, providing a complete understanding of the works and its systems and enabling it
to be operated and maintained efficiently and safely.
The Principal Contractor to provide all necessary information to the Principal Designer to enable
him to adequately prepare the Health and Safety File. Such information to be provided
progressively throughout the contract period but to be submitted completely by the date for
completion.
The information provided by the Principal Contractor to include, but not be limited to:
• A brief description of the work carried out.
• Any residual hazards which remain and how they have been dealt with (e.g. contaminated
land, buried services etc).
• Key structural information (e.g. bracing, sources of substantial stored energy).
• Hazardous materials used (e.g. pesticides, special coatings which should not be burnt off
etc.).
• The nature, location and markings of significant services, including underground cables; gas
supply equipment; fire-fighting services etc.
• Information and as-built drawings.
• Two copies of record or ‘as built’ drawings and plans used and produced throughout the
construction process, along with the design criteria where these are produced by the Principal
Contractor , his sub-contractor (whether nominated or otherwise) or consultants.
• General details of the construction methods and materials used.
• Details of the structures, equipment and maintenance facilities.
• Manuals produced by specialist contractors and suppliers which outline operating and
maintenance procedures and schedules of plant and equipment as part of the structure.
Pre-construction Information 20
Job No.2024/055
• Details on the location and nature of utilities and services including emergency and fire fighting
systems.
Prepared by JHA Architecture Ltd
Date: July 2025
Pre-construction Information 21
Job No.2024/055
SECTION 2
DESIGN RISK ASSESSMENT
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1. This Design Risk Assessment has been prepared by JHA Architecture Ltd to highlight the
steps taken throughout the design to eliminate and reduce hazards, both to the
construction workers and to the end user.
As Designers we aim to:
• Avoid foreseeable risk to the health and safety of any person.
• Eliminate hazards which may give rise to risks and reduce risks from any remaining
hazards.
• Give collective measures priority over individual measures.
• Take account of provisions of the Workplace (Health, Safety and Welfare) Regulations
1992 which relate to the design of, and materials used in the structure.
• Provide sufficient information with the design to prevent / eliminate hazards.
1.2. JHA Architecture Ltd staff adopt the E.R.I.C approach to design:
Eliminate
Reduce
Inform
Control
1.3. When considering design hazards, JHA Architecture Ltd utilise a scoring system. This
system is between 1 and 9:
9 - Reduce risk immediately
1 - No action required
Each design hazard rated 3 or over needs to be identified in a Design Risk Assessment and
should be passed on to the Principal Designer to be included in the Pre-Construction Information.
2. PROJECT INFORMATION
2.1. The Site / Proposal
The works comprise the supply and install of reinforced concrete equipment bases and associated
civils works, including excavations, sub-base preparation, ducting, drainage modifications to
accommodate the proposed New Gas plant and equipment for BUSE Gases at Vesuvius Way.
2.2. Detailed Design Stages
2.2.1. When undertaking the detailed design of the proposals the following hazards and risks
were identified:
Works are being undertaken adjacent to a live construction site with a separate CDM compound
area. The site is heavily constrained with limited space for construction activities.
Design Risk Assessment 1
2026-059
The presence of underground services, and unknown service routes presents a risk of service
strike during excavation and installation works. Ground conditions are subject to further
confirmation via site investigation.
All works must be carefully planned to avoid interference with live processes, maintain safe
segregation from operational areas, and ensure protection of operatives and site users at all
times.
2.2.2. Services
The position of services to be considered to prevent hazards. Positions of existing services where
known are identified on the drawings. The Contractor to verify all service locations prior to
commencement of works.
2.2.3. Security
It is the responsibility of the contractor to maintain site security at all times.
It is recommended that all areas of the site are left secure when no contractor is present, including
securing compounds, plant, materials and tools to prevent unauthorised access, theft or
interference with operational site activities.
2.2.4. Waste
All waste / stripping out items to be cleared away on a daily basis. Waste to be appropriately
segregated, stored and removed from site in accordance with relevant waste management
regulations, ensuring that no materials are left in positions that could present fire, trip,
contamination or obstruction risks within the live site environment
2.2.5. Public Safety
Full site security and separation must be maintained between the site and the adjacent property.
Appropriate hoarding, signage, access controls and segregation measures to be implemented to
ensure that members of the public, adjacent occupiers and site personnel are fully protected from
construction activities at all times.
Design Risk Assessment 2
2026-059
JHA Architecture LTD - DESIGN RISK ASSESSMENT
PROJECT: New Build DATE: June 2026
PART OF PROJECT: SITE & BUILDINGS
COMPLETED BY:
risk classification design
DESIGN ACTION &
ACTIVITY / POPULATION action
REF HAZARD CONTRACTOR’S
AT RISK
CONSIDERATIONS FURTHER
BY DATE
ACTION
1. Excavation Collapse of trenches / Slightly Harmful Very Identify services JOH June Contractor
Excavating through Harmful (2) Harmful where known 2026 to manage
(1) (3)
services
Machine operators / Unlikely (1) 1 2 (3) Contractor to ensure
site workers sufficient temporary
Possible (2) 2 4 6
support is provided
Very Likely 3 6 9
(3)
2. Laying kerbs, Strain / injury from Slightly Harmful Very Below manual JOH June Contractor
paving slabs, lifting Harmful (2) Harmful handling regulations 2026 to manage
(1) (3)
paving elements, materials specified.
lifting of masonry When not, contractor
etc. to provide method
statement for joint lift
Groundworkers Unlikely (1) 1 2 3
or use mechanical
Possible (2) 2 (4) 6 lifting equipment.
Very Likely 3 6 9
(3)
3. Laying hardcore & Movement of vehicles Slightly Harmful Very JOH June Contractor
Harmful (2) Harmful
surfacing 2026 to manage
(1) (3)
General site Unlikely (1) 1 (2) 3 PPE and banksmen to
operatives be provided.
Possible (2) 2 4 6
Very Likely 3 6 9
(3)
Design Risk Assessment 3 2026-059
risk classification design
DESIGN ACTION &
ACTIVITY / POPULATION action
REF HAZARD CONTRACTOR’S
AT RISK
CONSIDERATIONS FURTHER
BY DATE
ACTION
4 Open Excavations Operatives at risk Slightly Harmful Very PPE to be worn. JOH June Contractor
from tripping/falling Harmful (2) Harmful Banksmen provided. 2026 to manage
(1) (3)
into open
excavations, or on
Unlikely (1) 1 (2) 3
uneven / unmade
Possible (2) 2 4 6
ground. Impact by
moving vehicle. Very Likely 3 6 9
(3)
Site Operatives
5 Concrete works Burns to operatives Slightly Harmful Very PPE to be worn. JOH June Contractor
and vibration injuries. Harmful (2) Harmful 2026 to manage
(1) (3)
Unlikely (1) 1 (2) 3
Operatives, visitors,
public. Possible (2) 2 4 6
Very Likely 3 6 9
(3)
6 Installation of Strain / injury from Slightly Harmful Very Method statement JOH June Contractor
steelwork lifting. Harmful (2) Harmful required for lifting. 2026 to manage
(1) (3)
Unlikely (1) 1 2 3
Possible (2) 2 (4) 6
Very Likely 3 6 9
(3)
7 Demolition Items Operatives at risk Slightly Harmful Very Method statement JOH June Contractor
from falling Harmful (2) Harmful required / PPE to be 2026 to manage
(1) (3)
masonry/mixed worn.
dusts.
Unlikely (1) 1 2 3
Possible (2) 2 (4) 6
Very Likely 3 6 9
(3)
Design Risk Assessment 4 2026-059