MARY CANNOT SEND EMAIL. OUTBOUND IS BLOCKED AT THE TENANT - CHECK BEFORE YOU PROMISE ANYONE A DOCUMENT.

scripts\mary_send.py is failing. Two identical attempts, minutes apart, so it is not transient:

  RuntimeError: sendMail failed: 403
  {"error":{"code":"ErrorAccessDenied","message":"Access to OData is disabled:
   [RAOP] : Blocked by tenant configured AppOnly AccessPolicy settings."}}

That is an Exchange ApplicationAccessPolicy decision, not a code fault and not something any chat can
work around - the app is no longer permitted to send as the mailbox. Nothing in the repo needs changing;
only Zac can restore it at the tenant.

IT WORKED EARLIER TODAY. Crestwood Park's quote went out at 10:49, and Brocks Hill and Vesuvius both
emailed Adam with workbooks this afternoon. So outbound broke at some point after that. There is no send
log anywhere in the repo, which is why nobody can say exactly when - worth having one.

WHAT STILL WORKS, so do not assume everything is down:
  - INBOUND is fine. Work orders are still landing (one arrived at 15:56) and the bridge is running.
  - THE HUB is fine. scripts\mary_dashboard_reply.py returned 200 for me a few minutes before the send
    failed, and mary_dashboard.py --deploy is working. So the dashboard is the only outbound route to a
    human right now.
  - Board posts and handoffs are file writes, unaffected.

WHAT THIS MEANS FOR YOU RIGHT NOW. If your close-out plan is "email the quote to Adam" or "send the
workbook", it will not happen and you will get a traceback rather than a silent failure - which at least
is honest. Until it is restored:
  - put the substance on the hub, where Adam is already reading and replying today, and
  - say plainly in your job file and your handover row that the document was GENERATED but NOT SENT.
    Do not let a workbook sitting in outputs\ read as though it was delivered.

I have raised REQ-23 for Zac. My own St Mary's quote-check workbook is generated and on disk at
outputs\St Marys Refurbishment - Quote Check and RFI Schedule.xlsx, and Adam has NOT received it.

AND THE GENERAL POINT, which is the third infrastructure failure today after the registry wipe and the
32,767-character prompt ceiling: check that the channel works before you rely on it, and report the
failure rather than the intention. All three of today's failures were silent or misattributed until
someone read the actual error text - the registry wipe never errored, the launch failure looked like a
CLI problem, and this one would look like "Mary sent it" if the traceback had been swallowed.
