===== PAGE 1 =====
Page 1 of 5 otQuation
Customer & Quote Information
Fenster Glazing & Locks Ltd Quote No : QT51518
97-98 Alston Drive Processed Date : 27-Jul-2026
Bradwell Abbey Printed Date : 27-Jul-2026
Quoted by :
ds onluWi Pws & DoA os rLtd
estimating@aplusaluminium.co.uk
Unit 14-18 Bedfordshire
Moor Park Industrial Centre MK13 9HF
Job Spec
Tolpits Lane Tel : 01908 429200
Glazed /Supply Only (Delivered)
Watford, Herts Fax :ONLY SEND TO ESTIMATI
WD18 9EZ Quote Reference : Riverside
Tel : 01923 225855 Fax:
DualFrame 75Si Casement Pricing Qty Nett
Qty (2) O/A Sizes 1130mm x 1530mm (Style FF)
1 Frame Price 1130 x 1530 2 £4,662.15
Glass 2 £171.31
Energy Surcharge 2 £11.76
Total £4,845.22
Geometric free area = 1.30m2
Based on a 50mm reveal
Cill horn size= 100mm 45.25 kg : 99.75 lb
Specification
Colour W Sash colour W
Cill colour W Frame (Head) DF1401 Std Outerframe
Frame (Cill) DF1401 Std Outerframe Frame (Left jamb) DF1401 Std Outerframe
Frame (Right jamb) DF1401 Std Outerframe Transom DF1421 Std Flat Tran/Mull
Sash DF1413 HD Vent (Glazed In) Cill 155mm Subcill (Technal)
Bead type DualFrame 75Si Square Bead Drainage Face
Add-on (Head) 15mm Add On Add-on (Cill) No add-on
Add-on (Left jamb) No add-on Add-on (Right jamb) No add-on
Frame drip bar No drip bar PAS 24 No PAS24
Ventilator (AddOn) No ventilator Ventilator (Head) No ventilator
Ventilator (Sash) No ventilator Ventilator (Glass) No ventilator
Ventilator colour Not Required Ventilator Non Std Posi N/A
Handle Not Required Handle Colour White
Casement locking None Friction stay Etched Silver Butt Hinge
Restrictor No Restrictor Hinge Bolts No
Open in/out Open out Glazed in/out Glazed in
Gasket Standard AOV Type 850mm Stroke Single
AOV Cable Direction Right (Viewed from Outside) Non Std Ventilator Typ N/A
Viewed from Viewed from outside AOV Colour 9006 Satin
Modeal Hood Required Not Required
Glazing Details & Apertures
4-20-4 Clr Tough S Coat 1.2 : 20mm Blk Warmedge
A1 - (957 x 590) A7 - (957 x 591)
Continued ....
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 2 of 5 otQuation Quote No : QT51518
Maximum free area possible with the current sizes and AOV size limitations. Increasing the height to allow us to use 900mm
chains instead of 850mm will increase the free area, as well as widening the frame (1235 x 1583 would achieve a 1.5m2 in
this configuration).
Total £4,845.22
VAT @ 20.00% £969.04
Total (Incl. VAT) £5,814.26
Deposit £0.00
Balance £5,814.26
IMPORTANT
Please ensure you are aware of the requirements of the new Building Regulations coming into force for all
INSTALLATIONS after 15th June 2022. It is your responsibility to ensure your installation complies. Please
make sure it is clear on all quote requests and all orders what performance is required.
Thank you for your enquiry. To place an order please confirm your acceptance of this quotation below:
Please proceed with the above as an order. I understand that A Plus will process exactly as signed
off, and A Plus are not responsible for any variations or different interpretations made between my
enquiry and the quote above.
Continued ....
===== PAGE 3 =====
Page 3 of 5 otQuation Quote No : QT51518
Quotation – Advisory Notes
Terms of Sale
• The ‘A Plus Windows & Doors Limited Terms of Sale Revision V.01.2 – 08.01.2018’ apply to this quotation and shall apply to any subsequent
Contract entered into between the Supplier and the Customer
• Definitions and rules of interpretations used in this document shall have the same meanings as those stated within the ‘A Plus Windows &
Doors Limited Terms of Sale Revision V.01 – 03.11.2017’.
Information Received & Quotation Basis
• This quotation is based on the design documents supplied to us by the Customer. This quotation is the interpretation by the Supplier of the
design documents. It is the Customers responsibility to ensure that all items and interpretations are as desired. All items and quantities
allowed for have been clearly stated within this quotation.
• Where necessary, we have calculated any mullion selection in accordance with BS 6399 Part 2, with a design windload of 1200Pa unless
otherwise stated. However, please note that all design responsibility remains with the Customer and our calculations are not be relied on for
any design purposes whatsoever. It is the responsibility of the Customer to ensure that the windload and profiles selected allowed for are
suitable for the specification and design required for this enquiry. We therefore recommend that the Customer carry out their own full wind
loading calculation check in accordance with BS6399 Part 2. It is also the responsibility of the Customer to undertake full structural
calculations on all brackets/spigots supplied by A Plus.
• We have not included in our prices for any fixing lugs or for any bolts or brackets to suit any structural attachments nor have we included for
any bespoke aluminium pressings, non-standard brackets or flashings that may be required; unless mentioned in the quotation.
• Where anti-finger trap stiles or disabled access is required, other building regulations are not to be made worse by meeting 'Part L' - i.e. fire /
disability access / ventilation / safety.
Price
• The Price stated in the quotation is open for acceptance for a period of 30 days from the date of the quotation and thereafter is subject to
confirmation
• Unless otherwise agreed our Price is based on a Payment Period of: Deposit and cleared Funds Prior to delivery on first order (see A Plus
Windows & Doors Limited Terms of Sale Revision V.01.2 – 08.01.2018 for more information).
• Payment should be made via BACS payment to the A Plus Windows & Doors Limited account number 9012 1169. Sort Code 20-74-09
• When payment by BACS is not possible, payment by Debit or Credit cards is accepted.
o Only where such payment is made by card on behalf of any company, legal entity or sole trader, the following Bank Merchant Charges
apply:
• Credit Card 4%
• Debit Card 2%
o All card Payments on behalf of a private individual are not subject to Bank Merchant Charges, but trade discounts do not apply as
individuals cannot have a trade account or terms
• A Plus reserves the right to levy storage costs for all goods which remain uncollected 3 working days after first availability for
collection/delivery.
• All items will be not be supplied taped unless otherwise stated. This service will incur an extra cost of approx. £1 per linear metre. For more
information on this extra service please contact A Plus.
• The Price is based on the materials quoted being ordered together, and in one phase. Orders for only part of the quote, or fabrication over
multiple phases, may incur additional charges for paint surcharges, rolling set up charges, reduced material optimisation, delivery or increased
fabrication costs. We strongly recommend that when placing all such orders, a re-price is requested.
• VAT will be added at the Price at the prevailing rate at the time of invoice
• Materials off Site: This quotation does not include for holding of materials off-site that have been properly purchased to conform with your
projected commencement date and which becomes subject to delays to programme beyond our control. In such cases upon receipt of a
suitable letter of indemnity we would require payment for such materials.
Changes
• The Supplier reserves the right to vary the Price stated in the quotation or any Price stated in any subsequent Contract for any variation to the
works, including but not necessarily limited to any variation in Specification, quality, quantity, Products, timescale, or method for the carrying
out or delivery of any Products. The variation in the Price shall be calculated by the Supplier and advised to the Customer.
Period for Completion
• Lead times vary subject to material availability and will be confirmed on receipt of written order.
• Subject to any Period for Completion stated in the quotation or as otherwise agreed between the parties, the Supplier shall supply the
Products in a reasonable timeframe.
Product Performance
• It is the responsibility of the Customer to ensure all building regulations (i.e. Part ‘B’, 'F', 'L', 'M' & 'N' and any others relevant to the building),
Life Time Homes, Secured by Design, PAS 24 (formally BS 7950) are adhered to. The Supplier does not warrant or represent that any
Product supplied shall comply with any of the aforementioned standards unless where expressly stated to the contrary by the Supplier.
• Unless otherwise stated, windows and doors will have a U - Value no better than 1.8. Commercial doors and framing will be supplied with a
U-Value of up to 3.0 Wm2/K (depending on specification of product).
• All residential windows to have a minimum window energy rating of C. For unglazed frames U-Value and WER ratings are dependent on
glazing type used and A Plus should be contacted to confirm the thermal performance of the frames.
Continued ....
===== PAGE 4 =====
Page 4 of 5 otQuation Quote No : QT51518
Finishes
• Frames to be a single colour (same internal and external) polyester powder coated finish, the colour of which is to be from our standard range
of Interpon or Syntha Pulvin RAL colours, unless indicated otherwise on the quotation above.
• Depending on the product and supplier, the polyamide thermal break may have the powder coat finish applied to it. No warranty is extended
on the adhesion of the powder coat to the polyamide. Should this not be required, then the profile will have to be assembled after coating
which may incur additional cost and lead time. Please check prior to order should this be the case.
Hardware
• Unless otherwise stated we allow in our estimates for standard ironmongery as recommended by our systems suppliers and compatible with
their section. Any non-standard items requested and included in our price may affect our programme and nullify any system or performance
warranty on that product.
• Reynaers and Metal Technology Tilt before Turn gearing uses visible hinges as standard – please ensure this is acceptable for your
installation. If concealed gearing or deeper frame profiles are required please inform us as it may incur price and lead time changes.
Glazing
• Unless indicated otherwise all frames are delivered unglazed.
• Non-Tilt Vertical Sliders will have the top sash (only) glazed to ease site installation and this is included in our quoted rates. All other sliding
windows are either unglazed or supplied with loose glass according to the quote. When requested each additional glazed sash will be charged
at £20 each.
• Arched head windows will be glazed at a cost of £20 each above the top transom line to avoid having to remove curved beads on site.
Frames
• Sliding & Bi-fold doors will be delivered with outer frames in kit form to avoid joint movement whilst handling on site.
• Window frames over 5 metres in length will be split down and coupled for ease of handling, transport and to avoid joint movement.
Curtain Walling
• We allow for top and bottom spigots to suit relevant mullion dimension. Spiggots are supplied loose in 300mm lengths ready for screw fixing
to a pre-drilled 8mm aluminium plate (max 250mm x 250mm). Other dimensions or specifications are subject to additional cost.
• Sides and head of curtain wall screens have an extruded pvc rebate closer included.
Delivery
• All orders are priced as Ex-Works.
• Loads over £5000 + VAT will be delivered FOC within a 50-mile radius of Watford
• Where loads are less than £5000 + VAT in value, A Plus will batch customer orders to deliver in the most efficient manner possible each day
to alleviate additional charges.
• Where this is not possible, or the customer requests delivery on a specific day which does not allow efficient batching as above, single
customer deliveries with a value less than £5000 + VAT will be charged at £1 / mile each way from Watford or previous drop, depending
which is lower.
• Deliveries are made on our own vehicles (either Cargo or Luton box vans with rear doors). We require suitable labour at the delivery point to
unload.
• Where the client is not able to take delivery of the product on the agreed dates, A Plus may need to store the product elsewhere. Costs for
storage and re-delivery will be charged.
Stillages
• Where stillage deliveries are required, deliveries are made by independent haulier using flat-bed vehicles as required. These loads are priced
according to location and you will be advised of charges prior to delivery.
• An additional £400 will be charged for each load to cover the cost of collecting empty stillages from site once used. Where we are able to
bring back stillages on a return vehicle after a site delivery, A Plus will credit that particular charge.
Continued ....
===== PAGE 5 =====
Page 5 of 5 otQuation Quote No : QT51518
AOV Notes:
We have allowed to fix actuators to frame, test the actuator operation with local batteries and leave the actuator flex (approx. 2 meter length) coiled
neatly at the vent. We have not allowed to run the cables through the mullions/framework. Actuators can be handed for cables to exit on either side of
the body.
The size of actuator used is dependent on the size of the vent. As actuator prices vary, the quoted prices may change if the vent sizes increase and a
larger actuator is required.
We have allowed for 24v DC actuators only.
As the vents are below 2.5m from FFL we have identified a potential trap hazard risk to occupants when the ventilators are closing in accordance with
BS EN 60335-2:2003. Preventative measures may need to be taken in order to mitigate this risk.
Where window AOV's are installed below 1100mm from FFL, they will require anti-fall protection in order to comply with Part K of the Building
Regulations to reduce the risk of fall from height. The provision and installation of balustrading and the like is excluded from our quotation.
The actuators alone will not act as window restrictors. The facade contractor / fabricator should consider the installation of suitable restrictors relative
to the orientation of the vent, so that stability is provided should the actuator be removed, or the vent is subjected to high external forces whilst in the
open position. The restrictor should be set such that the actuator can open to its full stroke without being impeded ie. 50mm past the actuator stroke
length. If the vent is not fitted with a restrictor and subsequent damage occurs due to the lack of restriction A Plus will not be liable for any
replacement actuators or damage to the vent.
Products manufactured and sold by SE Controls are guaranteed against faults due to defective materials or workmanship for twelve months from the
date of delivery completion.
Actuators to EN 12101-2 are not formally weather tested. The Declaration of Performance lists other essential characteristsics.
All actuators are guaranteed for 15,000 cycles or 12 months, whichever is sooner and must be installed in accordance with the manufacturers
instructions. Actuators must be powered by a compatible control system which is approved by SE Controls to provide suitable power management and
where necessary, record actuator operation cycles.
The output free area values do not allow for any obstructions, side walls, reveals or neighbouring vents. Handed windows should not be positioned
within approximately 3000mm of each other, as free area may be affected.
As standard, single chain actuators are positioned with the chain in the centre of the vent to achieve a more even seal. This means that the body of the
actuator is offset (illustrated below).
On certain frame sizes, the actuator body will centred to avoid a clash with the actuator bracket fixing to the edge of the frame. In this instance the chain
will be offset and therefore may provide less compression between sash and frame, potentially giving a reduced weather performance.
Twin chain actuators will always be centred.
Maintenance:
For life safety smoke ventilation systems the occupier or agent has a Legal responsibility under the Fire Safety Regulatory Reform Order 2005 to ensure
that the system is in full working order which is satisfied by on-going preventative maintenance by a specialist qualified contractor.